---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "dnacenter_aaa_services Data Source - terraform-provider-dnacenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  It performs read operation on Devices.
  Retrieves the list of AAA Services and offers basic filtering and sorting capabilities. For detailed information about
  the usage of the API, please refer to the Open API specification document https://github.com/cisco-en-
  programmability/catalyst-center-api-specs/blob/main/Assurance/CECatCenter_Org-AAAServices-1.0.0-resolved.yaml
---

# dnacenter_aaa_services (Data Source)

It performs read operation on Devices.

- Retrieves the list of AAA Services and offers basic filtering and sorting capabilities. For detailed information about
the usage of the API, please refer to the Open API specification document https://github.com/cisco-en-
programmability/catalyst-center-api-specs/blob/main/Assurance/CE_Cat_Center_Org-AAAServices-1.0.0-resolved.yaml

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "dnacenter_aaa_services" "example" {
  provider                 = dnacenter
  device_id                = "string"
  device_name              = "string"
  device_site_hierarchy_id = "string"
  end_time                 = 1609459200
  limit                    = 1
  offset                   = 1
  order                    = "string"
  server_ip                = "string"
  site_hierarchy           = "string"
  site_id                  = "string"
  sort_by                  = "string"
  start_time               = 1609459200
  xca_lle_rid              = "string"
}

output "dnacenter_aaa_services_example" {
  value = data.dnacenter_aaa_services.example.items
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `xca_lle_rid` (String) X-CALLER-ID header parameter. Caller ID is used to trace the origin of API calls and their associated queries executed on the database. It's an optional header parameter that can be added to an API request.

### Optional

- `device_id` (String) deviceId query parameter. The device UUID.

 Examples:
 *deviceId=6bef213c-19ca-4170-8375-b694e251101c* (single deviceId is requested)
 *deviceId=6bef213c-19ca-4170-8375-b694e251101c&deviceId=32219612-819e-4b5e-a96b-cf22aca13dd9 (multiple networkDeviceIds with & separator)
- `device_name` (String) deviceName query parameter. Name of the device. This parameter supports wildcard (***) character -based search. Example: *wnbu-sjc* or *wnbu-sjc* or *wnbu-sjc* Examples: deviceName=wnbu-sjc24.cisco.com (single device name is requested) deviceName=wnbu-sjc24.cisco.com&deviceName=wnbu-sjc22.cisco.com (multiple device names are requested)
- `device_site_hierarchy_id` (String) deviceSiteHierarchyId query parameter. The full hierarchy breakdown of the site tree in id form starting from Global site UUID and ending with the specific site UUID. (Ex. *globalUuid/areaUuid/buildingUuid/floorUuid*)
This field supports wildcard asterisk (***) character search support. E.g. *uuid*, *uuid*, *uuid*
Examples:
*?deviceSiteHierarchyId=globalUuid/areaUuid/buildingUuid/floorUuid *(single siteHierarchyId requested)
*?deviceSiteHierarchyId=globalUuid/areaUuid/buildingUuid/floorUuid&deviceSiteHierarchyId=globalUuid/areaUuid2/buildingUuid2/floorUuid2* (multiple siteHierarchyIds requested)
- `end_time` (Number) endTime query parameter. End time to which API queries the data set related to the resource. It must be specified in UNIX epochtime in milliseconds. Value is inclusive.
- `limit` (Number) limit query parameter. Maximum number of records to return
- `offset` (Number) offset query parameter. Specifies the starting point within all records returned by the API. It's one based offset. The starting value is 1.
- `order` (String) order query parameter. The sort order of the field ascending or descending.
- `server_ip` (String) serverIp query parameter. IP Address of the AAA Server. This parameter supports wildcard (***) character -based search. Example: *10.76.81.* or *56.78* or *50.28* Examples: serverIp=10.42.3.31 (single IP Address is requested) serverIp=10.42.3.31&serverIp=name2&fabricVnName=name3 (multiple IP Addresses are requested)
- `site_hierarchy` (String) siteHierarchy query parameter. The full hierarchical breakdown of the site tree starting from Global site name and ending with the specific site name. The Root site is named "Global" (Ex. *Global/AreaName/BuildingName/FloorName*)
This field supports wildcard asterisk (***) character search support. E.g. */San*, */San*, */San*
Examples:
*?siteHierarchy=Global/AreaName/BuildingName/FloorName* (single siteHierarchy requested)
*?siteHierarchy=Global/AreaName/BuildingName/FloorName&siteHierarchy=Global/AreaName2/BuildingName2/FloorName2* (multiple siteHierarchies requested)
- `site_id` (String) siteId query parameter. The UUID of the site. (Ex. *flooruuid*)
Examples:
*?siteId=id1* (single id requested)
*?siteId=id1&siteId=id2&siteId=id3* (multiple ids requested)
- `sort_by` (String) sortBy query parameter. Field name on which sorting needs to be done
- `start_time` (Number) startTime query parameter. Start time from which API queries the data set related to the resource. It must be specified in UNIX epochtime in milliseconds. Value is inclusive.
If *startTime* is not provided, API will default to current time.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `items` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `device_family` (String)
- `device_id` (String)
- `device_name` (String)
- `device_site_hierarchy` (String)
- `device_site_hierarchy_id` (String)
- `device_site_id` (String)
- `eap_failed_transactions` (Number)
- `eap_latency` (Number)
- `eap_successful_transactions` (Number)
- `eap_transactions` (Number)
- `failed_transactions` (Number)
- `id` (String)
- `latency` (Number)
- `mab_failed_transactions` (Number)
- `mab_latency` (Number)
- `mab_successful_transactions` (Number)
- `mab_transactions` (Number)
- `server_ip` (String)
- `successful_transactions` (Number)
- `transactions` (Number)
