---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "dnacenter_analytics_endpoints_count Data Source - terraform-provider-dnacenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  It performs read operation on AI Endpoint Analytics.
  Fetch the total count of endpoints that match the given filter criteria.
---

# dnacenter_analytics_endpoints_count (Data Source)

It performs read operation on AI Endpoint Analytics.

- Fetch the total count of endpoints that match the given filter criteria.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "dnacenter_analytics_endpoints_count" "example" {
  provider                    = dnacenter
  ai_spoofing_trust_level     = "string"
  anc_policy                  = "string"
  auth_method                 = "string"
  changed_profile_trust_level = "string"
  concurrent_mac_trust_level  = "string"
  device_type                 = "string"
  hardware_manufacturer       = "string"
  hardware_model              = "string"
  ip                          = "string"
  ip_blocklist_detected       = "false"
  mac_address                 = "string"
  mac_addresses               = ["string"]
  nat_trust_level             = "string"
  operating_system            = "string"
  posture_status              = "string"
  profiling_status            = "string"
  random_mac                  = "false"
  registered                  = "false"
  trust_score                 = "string"
  unauth_port_detected        = "false"
  weak_cred_detected          = "false"
}

output "dnacenter_analytics_endpoints_count_example" {
  value = data.dnacenter_analytics_endpoints_count.example.item
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `ai_spoofing_trust_level` (String) aiSpoofingTrustLevel query parameter. Trust level of the endpoint due to AI spoofing. Possible values are 'low', 'medium', 'high'.
- `anc_policy` (String) ancPolicy query parameter. ANC policy. Only exact match will be returned.
- `auth_method` (String) authMethod query parameter. Authentication method. Partial string is allowed.
- `changed_profile_trust_level` (String) changedProfileTrustLevel query parameter. Trust level of the endpoint due to changing profile labels. Possible values are 'low', 'medium', 'high'.
- `concurrent_mac_trust_level` (String) concurrentMacTrustLevel query parameter. Trust level of the endpoint due to concurrent MAC address. Possible values are 'low', 'medium', 'high'.
- `device_type` (String) deviceType query parameter. Type of device to search for. Partial string is allowed.
- `hardware_manufacturer` (String) hardwareManufacturer query parameter. Hardware manufacturer to search for. Partial string is allowed.
- `hardware_model` (String) hardwareModel query parameter. Hardware model to search for. Partial string is allowed.
- `ip` (String) ip query parameter. IP address to search for. Partial string is allowed.
- `ip_blocklist_detected` (Boolean) ipBlocklistDetected query parameter. Flag to fetch endpoints hitting IP blocklist or not.
- `mac_address` (String) macAddress query parameter. MAC address to search for. Partial string is allowed.
- `mac_addresses` (List of String) macAddresses query parameter. List of MAC addresses to filter on. Only exact matches will be returned.
- `nat_trust_level` (String) natTrustLevel query parameter. Trust level of the endpoint due to NAT access. Possible values are 'low', 'medium', 'high'.
- `operating_system` (String) operatingSystem query parameter. Operating system to search for. Partial string is allowed.
- `posture_status` (String) postureStatus query parameter. Posture status.
- `profiling_status` (String) profilingStatus query parameter. Profiling status of the endpoint. Possible values are 'profiled', 'partialProfiled', 'notProfiled'.
- `random_mac` (Boolean) randomMac query parameter. Flag to fetch endpoints having randomized MAC or not.
- `registered` (Boolean) registered query parameter. Flag to fetch manually registered or non-registered endpoints.
- `trust_score` (String) trustScore query parameter. Overall trust score of the endpoint. It can be provided either as a number value (e.g. 5), or as a range (e.g. 3-7). Provide value as '-' if you want to search for all endpoints where trust score is not assigned.
- `unauth_port_detected` (Boolean) unauthPortDetected query parameter. Flag to fetch endpoints exposing unauthorized ports or not.
- `weak_cred_detected` (Boolean) weakCredDetected query parameter. Flag to fetch endpoints having weak credentials or not.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `item` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))

<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `count` (Number)
