---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "dnacenter_application_visibility_network_devices Data Source - terraform-provider-dnacenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  It performs read operation on Application Policy.
  This data source retrieves the list of network devices with their application visibility status. The list can be
  filtered using the query parameters. Multiple filters can be applied.
---

# dnacenter_application_visibility_network_devices (Data Source)

It performs read operation on Application Policy.

- This data source retrieves the list of network devices with their application visibility status. The list can be
filtered using the query parameters. Multiple filters can be applied.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "dnacenter_application_visibility_network_devices" "example" {
  provider                         = dnacenter
  app_telemetry_deployment_status  = "string"
  app_telemetry_readiness_status   = "string"
  application_registry_sync_status = "string"
  cbar_deployment_status           = "string"
  cbar_readiness_status            = "string"
  hostname                         = "string"
  ids                              = "string"
  limit                            = "string"
  management_address               = "string"
  offset                           = "string"
  order                            = "string"
  protocol_pack_status             = "string"
  protocol_pack_update_status      = "string"
  site_id                          = "string"
  sort_by                          = "string"
}

output "dnacenter_application_visibility_network_devices_example" {
  value = data.dnacenter_application_visibility_network_devices.example.items
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `app_telemetry_deployment_status` (String) appTelemetryDeploymentStatus query parameter. Status of the application telemetry deployment on the network device. Available values: SCHEDULED, IN_PROGRESS, COMPLETED, FAILED, NOT_DEPLOYED.
- `app_telemetry_readiness_status` (String) appTelemetryReadinessStatus query parameter. Indicates whether the network device is ready for application telemetry enablement or not. Available values: ENABLED, READY, NOT_READY, NOT_SUPPORTED
- `application_registry_sync_status` (String) applicationRegistrySyncStatus query parameter. Indicates whether the latest definitions from application registry have been synchronized with the network device or not. Available values: SYNCING, IN_SYNC, OUT_OF_SYNC, NOT_APPLICABLE
- `cbar_deployment_status` (String) cbarDeploymentStatus query parameter. Status of the CBAR deployment on the network device. Available values: SCHEDULED, IN_PROGRESS, COMPLETED, FAILED, NOT_DEPLOYED
- `cbar_readiness_status` (String) cbarReadinessStatus query parameter. Indicates whether the network device is ready for CBAR enablement or not. Available values: ENABLED, READY, NOT_READY, NOT_SUPPORTED
- `hostname` (String) hostname query parameter. The host name of the network device.
Partial search is supported. For example, searching for *switch* will include *edge-switch1.domain.com*, *switch25*, etc.
- `ids` (String) ids query parameter. List of network devices ids. If this parameter is not provided, all network devices will be included in the response. Multiple network device IDs can be provided.
- `limit` (String) limit query parameter. The number of records to show for this page. Minimum value is: 1, Maximum value is: 500
- `management_address` (String) managementAddress query parameter. The management address for the network device. This is normally IP address of the device. But it could be hostname in some cases like Meraki devices.
Partial search is supported. For example, searching for *25.* would include *10.25.1.1*, *25.5.10.1*, *225.225.1.0*, *10.10.10.125*, etc.
- `offset` (String) offset query parameter. The first record to show for this page; the first record is numbered 1. Default value is: 1.
- `order` (String) order query parameter. Whether ascending or descending order should be used to sort the response. Available values are: asc, desc. Default value is: asc
- `protocol_pack_status` (String) protocolPackStatus query parameter. Indicates whether the NBAR protocol pack is up-to-date or not on the network device. Available values: LATEST, OUTDATED, UNKNOWN
- `protocol_pack_update_status` (String) protocolPackUpdateStatus query parameter. Status of the NBAR protocol pack update on the network device. Available values: SCHEDULED, IN_PROGRESS, SUCCESS, FAILED, NONE
- `site_id` (String) siteId query parameter. The site ID where the network device is assigned.
- `sort_by` (String) sortBy query parameter. A property within the response to sort by.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `items` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `app_telemetry_deployment_status` (String)
- `app_telemetry_readiness_status` (String)
- `application_registry_sync_status` (String)
- `cbar_deployment_status` (String)
- `cbar_readiness_status` (String)
- `hostname` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `management_address` (String)
- `protocol_pack_status` (String)
- `protocol_pack_update_status` (String)
- `site_id` (String)
