---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "dnacenter_applications_health Data Source - terraform-provider-dnacenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  It performs read operation on Applications.
  Intent API to get a list of applications for a specific site, a device, or a client device's MAC address. For a
  combination of a specific application with site and/or device the API gets list of issues/devices/endpoints.
---

# dnacenter_applications_health (Data Source)

It performs read operation on Applications.

- Intent API to get a list of applications for a specific site, a device, or a client device's MAC address. For a
combination of a specific application with site and/or device the API gets list of issues/devices/endpoints.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "dnacenter_applications_health" "example" {
  provider           = dnacenter
  application_health = "string"
  application_name   = "string"
  device_id          = "string"
  end_time           = 1609459200
  limit              = 1
  mac_address        = "string"
  offset             = 1
  site_id            = "string"
  start_time         = 1609459200
}

output "dnacenter_applications_health_example" {
  value = data.dnacenter_applications_health.example.items
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- **application_health** (String) applicationHealth query parameter. Application health category (POOR, FAIR, or GOOD.  Optionally use with siteId only)
- **application_name** (String) applicationName query parameter. The name of the application to get information on
- **device_id** (String) deviceId query parameter. Assurance device UUID value (Cannot be submitted together with siteId and clientMac)
- **end_time** (Number) endTime query parameter. Ending epoch time in milliseconds of time window
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **limit** (Number) limit query parameter. The max number of application entries in returned data [1, 1000] (optionally used with siteId only)
- **mac_address** (String) macAddress query parameter. Client device's MAC address (Cannot be submitted together with siteId and deviceId)
- **offset** (Number) offset query parameter. The offset of the first application in the returned data (optionally used with siteId only)
- **site_id** (String) siteId query parameter. Assurance site UUID value (Cannot be submitted together with deviceId and clientMac)
- **start_time** (Number) startTime query parameter. Starting epoch time in milliseconds of time window

### Read-Only

- **items** (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- **application** (String)
- **application_server_latency** (String)
- **average_throughput** (Number)
- **business_relevance** (String)
- **client_ip** (String)
- **client_mac_address** (String)
- **client_name** (String)
- **client_network_latency** (String)
- **device_type** (String)
- **exporter_family** (String)
- **exporter_ip_address** (String)
- **exporter_name** (String)
- **exporter_uui_d** (String)
- **health** (Number)
- **issue_id** (String)
- **issue_name** (String)
- **jitter** (String)
- **location** (String)
- **name** (String)
- **network_latency** (String)
- **occurrences** (Number)
- **operating_system** (String)
- **packet_loss_percent** (String)
- **priority** (String)
- **root_cause** (String)
- **server_network_latency** (String)
- **severity** (String)
- **summary** (String)
- **timestamp** (Number)
- **traffic_class** (String)
- **usage_bytes** (Number)


