---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "dnacenter_dns_services_count Data Source - terraform-provider-dnacenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  It performs read operation on Devices.
  Retrieves the total number of DNS Services for given parameters. For detailed information about the usage of the API,
  please refer to the Open API specification document https://github.com/cisco-en-programmability/catalyst-center-api-
  specs/blob/main/Assurance/CECatCenter_Org-DNSServices-1.0.0-resolved.yaml
---

# dnacenter_dns_services_count (Data Source)

It performs read operation on Devices.

- Retrieves the total number of DNS Services for given parameters. For detailed information about the usage of the API,
please refer to the Open API specification document https://github.com/cisco-en-programmability/catalyst-center-api-
specs/blob/main/Assurance/CE_Cat_Center_Org-DNSServices-1.0.0-resolved.yaml

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "dnacenter_dns_services_count" "example" {
  provider                 = dnacenter
  device_id                = "string"
  device_site_hierarchy_id = "string"
  device_site_id           = "string"
  end_time                 = 1609459200
  server_ip                = "string"
  ssid                     = "string"
  start_time               = 1609459200
  xca_lle_rid              = "string"
}

output "dnacenter_dns_services_count_example" {
  value = data.dnacenter_dns_services_count.example.item
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `xca_lle_rid` (String) X-CALLER-ID header parameter. Caller ID is used to trace the origin of API calls and their associated queries executed on the database. It's an optional header parameter that can be added to an API request.

### Optional

- `device_id` (String) deviceId query parameter. The device UUID.

 Examples:
 *deviceId=6bef213c-19ca-4170-8375-b694e251101c* (single deviceId is requested)
 *deviceId=6bef213c-19ca-4170-8375-b694e251101c&deviceId=32219612-819e-4b5e-a96b-cf22aca13dd9* (multiple networkDeviceIds with & separator)
- `device_site_hierarchy_id` (String) deviceSiteHierarchyId query parameter. The full hierarchy breakdown of the site tree in id form starting from Global site UUID and ending with the specific site UUID. (Ex. *globalUuid/areaUuid/buildingUuid/floorUuid*)
This field supports wildcard asterisk (***) character search support. E.g. *uuid*, *uuid*, *uuid*
Examples:
*?deviceSiteHierarchyId=globalUuid/areaUuid/buildingUuid/floorUuid *(single siteHierarchyId requested)
*?deviceSiteHierarchyId=globalUuid/areaUuid/buildingUuid/floorUuid&deviceSiteHierarchyId=globalUuid/areaUuid2/buildingUuid2/floorUuid2* (multiple siteHierarchyIds requested)
- `device_site_id` (String) deviceSiteId query parameter. The UUID of the site. (Ex. *flooruuid*)
Examples:
*?deviceSiteIds=id1* (single id requested)
*?deviceSiteIds=id1&deviceSiteIds=id2&siteId=id3* (multiple ids requested)
- `end_time` (Number) endTime query parameter. End time to which API queries the data set related to the resource. It must be specified in UNIX epochtime in milliseconds. Value is inclusive.
- `server_ip` (String) serverIp query parameter. IP Address of the DNS Server. This parameter supports wildcard (***) character -based search. Example: *10.76.81.* or *56.78* or *50.28* Examples: serverIp=10.42.3.31 (single IP Address is requested) serverIp=10.42.3.31&serverIp=name2&fabricVnName=name3 (multiple IP Addresses are requested)
- `ssid` (String) ssid query parameter. SSID is the name of wireless network to which client connects to. It is also referred to as WLAN ID Wireless Local Area Network Identifier. This field supports wildcard (***) character-based search. If the field contains the (***) character, please use the /query API for search. Ex: *Alpha* or *Alpha* or *Alpha*
Examples:
*ssid=Alpha* (single ssid requested)
*ssid=Alpha&ssid=Guest* (multiple ssid requested)
- `start_time` (Number) startTime query parameter. Start time from which API queries the data set related to the resource. It must be specified in UNIX epochtime in milliseconds. Value is inclusive.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `item` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))

<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `count` (Number)
