---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "dnacenter_dns_services_id Data Source - terraform-provider-dnacenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  It performs read operation on Devices.
  Retrieves the details of the DNS Service matching the given id. For detailed information about the usage of the API,
  please refer to the Open API specification document https://github.com/cisco-en-programmability/catalyst-center-api-
  specs/blob/main/Assurance/CECatCenter_Org-DNSServices-1.0.0-resolved.yaml
---

# dnacenter_dns_services_id (Data Source)

It performs read operation on Devices.

- Retrieves the details of the DNS Service matching the given id. For detailed information about the usage of the API,
please refer to the Open API specification document https://github.com/cisco-en-programmability/catalyst-center-api-
specs/blob/main/Assurance/CE_Cat_Center_Org-DNSServices-1.0.0-resolved.yaml

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "dnacenter_dns_services_id" "example" {
  provider    = dnacenter
  end_time    = 1609459200
  id          = "string"
  start_time  = 1609459200
  xca_lle_rid = "string"
}

output "dnacenter_dns_services_id_example" {
  value = data.dnacenter_dns_services_id.example.item
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) id path parameter. Unique id of the DNS Service. It is the combination of DNS Server IP (*serverIp*) and Device UUID (*deviceId*) separated by underscore (*_*). Example: If *serverIp* is *10.76.81.33* and *deviceId* is *6bef213c-19ca-4170-8375-b694e251101c*, then the *id* would be *10.76.81.33_6bef213c-19ca-4170-8375-b694e251101c*
- `xca_lle_rid` (String) X-CALLER-ID header parameter. Caller ID is used to trace the origin of API calls and their associated queries executed on the database. It's an optional header parameter that can be added to an API request.

### Optional

- `end_time` (Number) endTime query parameter. End time to which API queries the data set related to the resource. It must be specified in UNIX epochtime in milliseconds. Value is inclusive.
- `start_time` (Number) startTime query parameter. Start time from which API queries the data set related to the resource. It must be specified in UNIX epochtime in milliseconds. Value is inclusive.

### Read-Only

- `item` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))

<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `device_family` (String)
- `device_id` (String)
- `device_name` (String)
- `device_site_hierarchy` (String)
- `device_site_hierarchy_id` (String)
- `device_site_id` (String)
- `failed_transactions` (Number)
- `failures` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--item--failures))
- `id` (String)
- `latency` (Number)
- `server_ip` (String)
- `ssid` (String)
- `successful_transactions` (Number)
- `transactions` (Number)

<a id="nestedobjatt--item--failures"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.failures`

Read-Only:

- `failed_transactions` (Number)
- `failure_description` (String)
- `failure_response_code` (Number)
