---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "dnacenter_event_subscription_details_rest Data Source - terraform-provider-dnacenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  It performs read operation on Event Management.
  Gets the list of subscription details for specified connectorType
---

# dnacenter_event_subscription_details_rest (Data Source)

It performs read operation on Event Management.

- Gets the list of subscription details for specified connectorType

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "dnacenter_event_subscription_details_rest" "example" {
  provider    = dnacenter
  instance_id = "string"
  limit       = 1
  name        = "string"
  offset      = 1
  order       = "string"
  sort_by     = "string"
}

output "dnacenter_event_subscription_details_rest_example" {
  value = data.dnacenter_event_subscription_details_rest.example.items
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `instance_id` (String) instanceId query parameter. Instance Id of the specific configuration
- `limit` (Number) limit query parameter. The number of Rest/Webhook Subscription detail's to limit in the resultset whose default value 10
- `name` (String) name query parameter. Name of the specific configuration
- `offset` (Number) offset query parameter. The number of Rest/Webhook Subscription detail's to offset in the resultset whose default value 0
- `order` (String) order query parameter.
- `sort_by` (String) sortBy query parameter. SortBy field name

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `items` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `body` (String)
- `connect_timeout` (Number)
- `connector_type` (String)
- `description` (String)
- `headers` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--items--headers))
- `instance_id` (String)
- `method` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)
- `path_params` (List of String)
- `proxy_route` (String)
- `query_params` (List of String)
- `read_timeout` (Number)
- `service_name` (String)
- `service_port` (String)
- `trust_cert` (String)
- `url` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--items--headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.headers`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String)
- `value` (String)
