---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "dnacenter_icap_spectrum_interference_device_reports Data Source - terraform-provider-dnacenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  It performs read operation on Sensors.
  Retrieves the spectrum interference devices reports sent by WLC for provided AP Mac. For detailed information about
  the usage of the API, please refer to the Open API specification document https://github.com/cisco-en-
  programmability/catalyst-center-api-specs/blob/main/Assurance/CECatCenter_Org-icap-1.0.0-resolved.yaml
---

# dnacenter_icap_spectrum_interference_device_reports (Data Source)

It performs read operation on Sensors.

- Retrieves the spectrum interference devices reports sent by WLC for provided AP Mac. For detailed information about
the usage of the API, please refer to the Open API specification document https://github.com/cisco-en-
programmability/catalyst-center-api-specs/blob/main/Assurance/CE_Cat_Center_Org-icap-1.0.0-resolved.yaml

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "dnacenter_icap_spectrum_interference_device_reports" "example" {
  provider        = dnacenter
  ap_mac          = "string"
  end_time        = 1609459200
  limit           = 1
  offset          = 1
  start_time      = 1609459200
  time_sort_order = "string"
  xca_lle_rid     = "string"
}

output "dnacenter_icap_spectrum_interference_device_reports_example" {
  value = data.dnacenter_icap_spectrum_interference_device_reports.example.items
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `ap_mac` (String) apMac query parameter. The base ethernet macAddress of the access point
- `xca_lle_rid` (String) X-CALLER-ID header parameter. Caller ID is used to trace the origin of API calls and their associated queries executed on the database. It's an optional header parameter that can be added to an API request.

### Optional

- `end_time` (Number) endTime query parameter. End time to which API queries the data set related to the resource. It must be specified in UNIX epochtime in milliseconds. Value is inclusive.
- `limit` (Number) limit query parameter. Maximum number of records to return
- `offset` (Number) offset query parameter. Specifies the starting point within all records returned by the API. It's one based offset. The starting value is 1.
- `start_time` (Number) startTime query parameter. Start time from which API queries the data set related to the resource. It must be specified in UNIX epochtime in milliseconds. Value is inclusive.
- `time_sort_order` (String) timeSortOrder query parameter. The sort order of the field ascending or descending.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `items` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `ap_mac` (String)
- `band` (String)
- `band_width_k_hz` (Number)
- `central_frequency_k_hz` (Number)
- `detected_channels` (List of Number)
- `device_type` (String)
- `duty_cycle` (Number)
- `high_end_frequency_k_hz` (Number)
- `id` (String)
- `low_end_frequency_k_hz` (Number)
- `power_dbm` (Number)
- `severity_index` (Number)
- `timestamp` (Number)
