---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "dnacenter_icap_capture_files Data Source - terraform-provider-dnacenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  It performs read operation on Sensors.
  Lists the ICAP packet capture (pcap) files matching the specified criteria. For detailed information about the usage
  of the API, please refer to the Open API specification document https://github.com/cisco-en-programmability/catalyst-
  center-api-specs/blob/main/Assurance/CECatCenter_Org-icap-1.0.0-resolved.yaml
---

# dnacenter_icap_capture_files (Data Source)

It performs read operation on Sensors.

- Lists the ICAP packet capture (pcap) files matching the specified criteria. For detailed information about the usage
of the API, please refer to the Open API specification document https://github.com/cisco-en-programmability/catalyst-
center-api-specs/blob/main/Assurance/CE_Cat_Center_Org-icap-1.0.0-resolved.yaml

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "dnacenter_icap_capture_files" "example" {
  provider    = dnacenter
  ap_mac      = "string"
  client_mac  = "string"
  end_time    = 1609459200
  limit       = 1
  offset      = 1
  order       = "string"
  sort_by     = "string"
  start_time  = 1609459200
  type        = "string"
  xca_lle_rid = "string"
}

output "dnacenter_icap_capture_files_example" {
  value = data.dnacenter_icap_capture_files.example.items
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `type` (String) type query parameter. Capture Type
- `xca_lle_rid` (String) X-CALLER-ID header parameter. Caller ID is used to trace the origin of API calls and their associated queries executed on the database. It's an optional header parameter that can be added to an API request.

### Optional

- `ap_mac` (String) apMac query parameter. The base radio macAddress of the access point
- `client_mac` (String) clientMac query parameter. The macAddress of client
- `end_time` (Number) endTime query parameter. End time to which API queries the data set related to the resource. It must be specified in UNIX epochtime in milliseconds. Value is inclusive.
- `limit` (Number) limit query parameter. Maximum number of records to return
- `offset` (Number) offset query parameter. Specifies the starting point within all records returned by the API. It's one based offset. The starting value is 1.
- `order` (String) order query parameter. The sort order of the field ascending or descending.
- `sort_by` (String) sortBy query parameter. A field within the response to sort by.
- `start_time` (Number) startTime query parameter. Start time from which API queries the data set related to the resource. It must be specified in UNIX epochtime in milliseconds. Value is inclusive.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `items` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `ap_mac` (String)
- `client_mac` (String)
- `file_creation_timestamp` (Number)
- `file_name` (String)
- `file_size` (Number)
- `id` (String)
- `last_updated_timestamp` (Number)
- `type` (String)
