---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "dnacenter_images_site_wise_product_names Data Source - terraform-provider-dnacenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  It performs read operation on Software Image Management (SWIM).
  Returns a list of network device product names and associated sites for a given image identifier. Refer
  /dna/intent/api/v1/images API for obtaining imageId.
---

# dnacenter_images_site_wise_product_names (Data Source)

It performs read operation on Software Image Management (SWIM).

- Returns a list of network device product names and associated sites for a given image identifier. Refer
*/dna/intent/api/v1/images* API for obtaining *imageId*.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "dnacenter_images_site_wise_product_names" "example" {
  provider     = dnacenter
  assigned     = "string"
  image_id     = "string"
  limit        = 1
  offset       = 1
  product_id   = "string"
  product_name = "string"
  recommended  = "string"
}

output "dnacenter_images_site_wise_product_names_example" {
  value = data.dnacenter_images_site_wise_product_names.example.items
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `image_id` (String) imageId path parameter. Software image identifier. Refer */dna/intent/api/v1/images* API for obtaining *imageId*

### Optional

- `assigned` (String) assigned query parameter. Filter with the assigned/unassigned, *ASSIGNED* option will filter network device products that are associated with the given image. The *NOT_ASSIGNED* option will filter network device products that have not yet been associated with the given image but apply to it. Available values: ASSIGNED, NOT_ASSIGNED
- `limit` (Number) limit query parameter. The number of records to show for this page. The minimum and maximum values are 1 and 500, respectively
- `offset` (Number) offset query parameter. The first record to show for this page; the first record is numbered 1. The minimum value is 1
- `product_id` (String) productId query parameter. Filter with product ID (PID)
- `product_name` (String) productName query parameter. Filter with network device product name. Supports partial case-insensitive search. A minimum of 3 characters is required for the search.
- `recommended` (String) recommended query parameter. Filter with recommended source. If *CISCO* then the network device product assigned was recommended by Cisco and *USER* then the user has manually assigned. Available values: CISCO, USER

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `items` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)
- `product_ids` (List of String)
- `product_name` (String)
- `product_name_ordinal` (Number)
- `recommended` (String)
- `site_ids` (List of String)
