---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "dnacenter_images_count Data Source - terraform-provider-dnacenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  It performs read operation on Software Image Management (SWIM).
  Returns the count of software images for given siteId. The default value of siteId is global
---

# dnacenter_images_count (Data Source)

It performs read operation on Software Image Management (SWIM).

- Returns the count of software images for given *siteId*. The default value of siteId is global

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "dnacenter_images_count" "example" {
  provider                        = dnacenter
  golden                          = "string"
  has_addon_images                = "false"
  imported                        = "false"
  integrity                       = "string"
  is_addon_images                 = "false"
  name                            = "string"
  product_name_ordinal            = 1.0
  site_id                         = "string"
  supervisor_product_name_ordinal = 1.0
  version                         = "string"
}

output "dnacenter_images_count_example" {
  value = data.dnacenter_images_count.example.item
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `golden` (String) golden query parameter. When set to *true*, it will retrieve the images marked tagged golden. When set to *false*, it will retrieve the images marked not tagged golden.
- `has_addon_images` (Boolean) hasAddonImages query parameter. When set to *true*, it will retrieve the images which have add-on images. When set to *false*, it will retrieve the images which do not have add-on images.
- `imported` (Boolean) imported query parameter. When the value is set to *true*, it will include physically imported images. Conversely, when the value is set to *false*, it will include image records from the cloud. The identifier for cloud images can be utilised to download images from Cisco.com to the disk.
- `integrity` (String) integrity query parameter. Filter with verified images using Integrity Verification Available values: UNKNOWN, VERIFIED
- `is_addon_images` (Boolean) isAddonImages query parameter. When set to *true*, it will retrieve the images that an add-on image.  When set to *false*, it will retrieve the images that are not add-on images
- `name` (String) name query parameter. Filter with software image or add-on name. Supports partial case-insensitive search. A minimum of 3 characters is required for the search
- `product_name_ordinal` (Number) productNameOrdinal query parameter. The product name ordinal is a unique value for each network device product. The productNameOrdinal can be obtained from the response of the API */dna/intent/api/v1/siteWiseProductNames*.
- `site_id` (String) siteId query parameter. Site identifier to get the list of all available products under the site. The default value is the global site.  See https://developer.cisco.com/docs/dna-center/get-site for siteId
- `supervisor_product_name_ordinal` (Number) supervisorProductNameOrdinal query parameter. The supervisor engine module ordinal is a unique value for each supervisor module. The *supervisorProductNameOrdinal* can be obtained from the response of API */dna/intent/api/v1/siteWiseProductNames*
- `version` (String) version query parameter. Filter with image version. Supports partial case-insensitive search. A minimum of 3 characters is required for the search

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `item` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))

<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `count` (Number)
