---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "dnacenter_network_device_image_updates Data Source - terraform-provider-dnacenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  It performs read operation on Software Image Management (SWIM).
  Returns the list of network device image updates based on the given filter criteria
---

# dnacenter_network_device_image_updates (Data Source)

It performs read operation on Software Image Management (SWIM).

- Returns the list of network device image updates based on the given filter criteria

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "dnacenter_network_device_image_updates" "example" {
  provider           = dnacenter
  end_time           = 1609459200
  host_name          = "string"
  id                 = "string"
  image_name         = "string"
  limit              = 1
  management_address = "string"
  network_device_id  = "string"
  offset             = 1
  order              = "string"
  parent_id          = "string"
  sort_by            = "string"
  start_time         = 1609459200
  status             = "string"
}

output "dnacenter_network_device_image_updates_example" {
  value = data.dnacenter_network_device_image_updates.example.items
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `end_time` (Number) endTime query parameter. Image update started before the given time (as milliseconds since UNIX epoch)
- `host_name` (String) hostName query parameter. Host name of the network device for the image update. Supports case-insensitive partial search
- `id` (String) id query parameter. Update id which is unique for each network device under the parentId
- `image_name` (String) imageName query parameter. Software image name for the update
- `limit` (Number) limit query parameter. The number of records to show for this page.
- `management_address` (String) managementAddress query parameter. Management address of the network device
- `network_device_id` (String) networkDeviceId query parameter. Network device id
- `offset` (Number) offset query parameter. The first record to show for this page; the first record is numbered 1.
- `order` (String) order query parameter. Whether ascending or descending order should be used to sort the response.
- `parent_id` (String) parentId query parameter. Updates that have this parent id
- `sort_by` (String) sortBy query parameter. A property within the response to sort by.
- `start_time` (Number) startTime query parameter. Image update started after the given time (as milliseconds since UNIX epoch)
- `status` (String) status query parameter. Status of the image update. Available values : FAILURE, SUCCESS, IN_PROGRESS, PENDING

### Read-Only

- `items` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `end_time` (Number)
- `host_name` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `management_address` (String)
- `network_device_id` (String)
- `parent_id` (String)
- `start_time` (Number)
- `status` (String)
- `type` (String)
- `update_image_version` (String)
