---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "dnacenter_network_devices_id Data Source - terraform-provider-dnacenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  It performs read operation on Devices.
  API to fetch the details of network device using the id. Use the /dna/intent/api/v1/networkDevices/query API for
  advanced filtering. The API supports views to fetch only the required fields. Refer features for more details.
---

# dnacenter_network_devices_id (Data Source)

It performs read operation on Devices.

- API to fetch the details of network device using the *id*. Use the */dna/intent/api/v1/networkDevices/query* API for
advanced filtering. The API supports views to fetch only the required fields. Refer features for more details.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "dnacenter_network_devices_id" "example" {
  provider = dnacenter
  id       = "string"
  views    = "string"
}

output "dnacenter_network_devices_id_example" {
  value = data.dnacenter_network_devices_id.example.item
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) id path parameter. Unique identifier for the network device

### Optional

- `views` (String) views query parameter. The specific views being requested. This is an optional parameter which can be passed to get one or more of the network device data. If this is not provided, then it will default to BASIC views. If multiple views are provided, the response will contain the union of the views. Available values : BASIC, RESYNC, USER_DEFINED_FIELDS

### Read-Only

- `item` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))

<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `ap_ethernet_mac_address` (String)
- `ap_manager_interface_ip_address` (String)
- `ap_wlc_ip_address` (String)
- `boot_time` (Number)
- `device_support_level` (String)
- `dns_resolved_management_ip_address` (String)
- `error_code` (String)
- `error_description` (String)
- `family` (String)
- `hostname` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `last_successful_resync_reasons` (List of String)
- `mac_address` (String)
- `management_address` (String)
- `management_state` (String)
- `pending_resync_request_count` (Number)
- `pending_resync_request_reasons` (List of String)
- `platform_ids` (List of String)
- `reachability_failure_reason` (String)
- `reachability_status` (String)
- `resync_end_time` (Number)
- `resync_interval_minutes` (Number)
- `resync_interval_source` (String)
- `resync_reasons` (List of String)
- `resync_requested_by_apps` (List of String)
- `resync_start_time` (Number)
- `role` (String)
- `role_source` (String)
- `serial_numbers` (List of String)
- `series` (String)
- `snmp_contact` (String)
- `snmp_location` (String)
- `software_type` (String)
- `software_version` (String)
- `stack_device` (String)
- `status` (String)
- `type` (String)
- `user_defined_fields` (String)
- `vendor` (String)
