---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "dnacenter_sda_authentication_profiles Data Source - terraform-provider-dnacenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  It performs read operation on SDA.
  Returns a list of authentication profiles that match the provided query parameters.
---

# dnacenter_sda_authentication_profiles (Data Source)

It performs read operation on SDA.

- Returns a list of authentication profiles that match the provided query parameters.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "dnacenter_sda_authentication_profiles" "example" {
  provider                         = dnacenter
  authentication_profile_name      = "string"
  fabric_id                        = "string"
  is_global_authentication_profile = "false"
  limit                            = 1
  offset                           = 1
}

output "dnacenter_sda_authentication_profiles_example" {
  value = data.dnacenter_sda_authentication_profiles.example.items
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `authentication_profile_name` (String) authenticationProfileName query parameter. Return only the authentication profiles with this specified name. Note that 'No Authentication' is not a valid option for this parameter.
- `fabric_id` (String) fabricId query parameter. ID of the fabric the authentication profile is assigned to.
- `is_global_authentication_profile` (Boolean) isGlobalAuthenticationProfile query parameter. Set to true to return only global authentication profiles, or set to false to hide them. isGlobalAuthenticationProfile must not be true when fabricId is provided.
- `limit` (Number) limit query parameter. Maximum number of records to return.
- `offset` (Number) offset query parameter. Starting record for pagination.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `items` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `authentication_order` (String)
- `authentication_profile_name` (String)
- `dot1x_to_mab_fallback_timeout` (Number)
- `fabric_id` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `is_bpdu_guard_enabled` (String)
- `number_of_hosts` (String)
- `pre_auth_acl` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--items--pre_auth_acl))
- `wake_on_lan` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--items--pre_auth_acl"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.pre_auth_acl`

Read-Only:

- `access_contracts` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--items--pre_auth_acl--access_contracts))
- `description` (String)
- `enabled` (String)
- `implicit_action` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--items--pre_auth_acl--access_contracts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.pre_auth_acl.access_contracts`

Read-Only:

- `action` (String)
- `port` (String)
- `protocol` (String)
