---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "dnacenter_security_advisories_results_network_devices Data Source - terraform-provider-dnacenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  It performs read operation on Compliance.
  Get security advisory network devices
---

# dnacenter_security_advisories_results_network_devices (Data Source)

It performs read operation on Compliance.

- Get security advisory network devices

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "dnacenter_security_advisories_results_network_devices" "example" {
  provider          = dnacenter
  advisory_count    = "string"
  limit             = 1
  network_device_id = "string"
  offset            = 1
  order             = "string"
  scan_mode         = "string"
  scan_status       = "string"
  sort_by           = "string"
}

output "dnacenter_security_advisories_results_network_devices_example" {
  value = data.dnacenter_security_advisories_results_network_devices.example.items
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `advisory_count` (String) advisoryCount query parameter. Return network devices with advisoryCount greater than this advisoryCount
- `limit` (Number) limit query parameter. The number of records to show for this page. Minimum value is 1. Maximum value is 500. Default value is 500.
- `network_device_id` (String) networkDeviceId query parameter. Id of the network device
- `offset` (Number) offset query parameter. The first record to show for this page; the first record is numbered 1. Default value is 1.
- `order` (String) order query parameter. Whether ascending or descending order should be used to sort the response. Available values : asc, desc. Default value is asc.
- `scan_mode` (String) scanMode query parameter. Mode or the criteria using which the network device was scanned. Available values : ESSENTIALS, ADVANTAGE, CX_CLOUD, NOT_AVAILABLE
- `scan_status` (String) scanStatus query parameter. Status of the scan on the network device. Available values : NOT_SCANNED, IN_PROGRESS, SUCCESS, FAILED, FALL_BACK.
- `sort_by` (String) sortBy query parameter. A property within the response to sort by.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `items` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `advisory_count` (Number)
- `comments` (String)
- `last_scan_time` (Number)
- `network_device_id` (String)
- `scan_mode` (String)
- `scan_status` (String)
