---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "dnacenter_security_advisories_results_advisories Data Source - terraform-provider-dnacenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  It performs read operation on Compliance.
  Get security advisories affecting the network devices
---

# dnacenter_security_advisories_results_advisories (Data Source)

It performs read operation on Compliance.

- Get security advisories affecting the network devices

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "dnacenter_security_advisories_results_advisories" "example" {
  provider               = dnacenter
  cvss_base_score        = "string"
  device_count           = 1.0
  id                     = "string"
  limit                  = 1
  offset                 = 1
  order                  = "string"
  security_impact_rating = "string"
  sort_by                = "string"
}

output "dnacenter_security_advisories_results_advisories_example" {
  value = data.dnacenter_security_advisories_results_advisories.example.items
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `cvss_base_score` (String) cvssBaseScore query parameter. Return advisories with cvssBaseScore greater than this cvssBaseScore. E.g. : 8.5
- `device_count` (Number) deviceCount query parameter. Return advisories with deviceCount greater than this deviceCount
- `id` (String) id query parameter. Id of the advisory
- `limit` (Number) limit query parameter. The number of records to show for this page. Minimum value is 1. Maximum value is 500. Default value is 500.
- `offset` (Number) offset query parameter. The first record to show for this page; the first record is numbered 1. Default value is 1.
- `order` (String) order query parameter. Whether ascending or descending order should be used to sort the response. Available values : asc, desc. Default value is asc.
- `security_impact_rating` (String) securityImpactRating query parameter. Return advisories with this securityImpactRating. Available values : CRITICAL, HIGH.
- `sort_by` (String) sortBy query parameter. A property within the response to sort by.

### Read-Only

- `items` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `cve_ids` (List of String)
- `cvss_base_score` (Number)
- `device_count` (Number)
- `first_fixed_versions_list` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--items--first_fixed_versions_list))
- `id` (String)
- `publication_url` (String)
- `security_impact_rating` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--items--first_fixed_versions_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.first_fixed_versions_list`

Read-Only:

- `fixed_versions` (List of String)
- `vulnerable_version` (String)
