---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "dnacenter_site_kpi_summaries_count Data Source - terraform-provider-dnacenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  It performs read operation on Sites.
  Returns the total number of site analytics records available for for given set of query parameters. For detailed
  information about the usage of the API, please refer to the Open API specification document https://github.com/cisco-en-
  programmability/catalyst-center-api-specs/blob/main/Assurance/CECatCenter_Org-SiteKpiSummaries-1.0.0-resolved.yaml
---

# dnacenter_site_kpi_summaries_count (Data Source)

It performs read operation on Sites.

- Returns the total number of site analytics records available for for given set of query parameters. For detailed
information about the usage of the API, please refer to the Open API specification document https://github.com/cisco-en-
programmability/catalyst-center-api-specs/blob/main/Assurance/CE_Cat_Center_Org-SiteKpiSummaries-1.0.0-resolved.yaml

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "dnacenter_site_kpi_summaries_count" "example" {
  provider          = dnacenter
  end_time          = 1609459200
  site_hierarchy    = "string"
  site_hierarchy_id = "string"
  site_id           = "string"
  site_type         = "string"
  start_time        = 1609459200
  xca_lle_rid       = "string"
}

output "dnacenter_site_kpi_summaries_count_example" {
  value = data.dnacenter_site_kpi_summaries_count.example.item
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `xca_lle_rid` (String) X-CALLER-ID header parameter. Caller ID is used to trace the origin of API calls and their associated queries executed on the database. It's an optional header parameter that can be added to an API request.

### Optional

- `end_time` (Number) endTime query parameter. End time to which API queries the data set related to the resource. It must be specified in UNIX epochtime in milliseconds. Value is inclusive.
- `site_hierarchy` (String) siteHierarchy query parameter. The full hierarchical breakdown of the site tree starting from Global site name and ending with the specific site name. The Root site is named "Global" (Ex. *Global/AreaName/BuildingName/FloorName*)
This field supports wildcard asterisk (***) character search support. E.g. */San*, */San*, */San*
Examples:
*?siteHierarchy=Global/AreaName/BuildingName/FloorName* (single siteHierarchy requested)
*?siteHierarchy=Global/AreaName/BuildingName/FloorName&siteHierarchy=Global/AreaName2/BuildingName2/FloorName2* (multiple siteHierarchies requested)
- `site_hierarchy_id` (String) siteHierarchyId query parameter. The full hierarchy breakdown of the site tree in id form starting from Global site UUID and ending with the specific site UUID. (Ex. *globalUuid/areaUuid/buildingUuid/floorUuid*)
This field supports wildcard asterisk (***) character search support. E.g. *uuid*, *uuid*, *uuid*
Examples:
*?siteHierarchyId=globalUuid/areaUuid/buildingUuid/floorUuid *(single siteHierarchyId requested)
*?siteHierarchyId=globalUuid/areaUuid/buildingUuid/floorUuid&siteHierarchyId=globalUuid/areaUuid2/buildingUuid2/floorUuid2* (multiple siteHierarchyIds requested)
- `site_id` (String) siteId query parameter. The UUID of the site. (Ex. *flooruuid*)
Examples:
*?siteId=id1* (single id requested)
*?siteId=id1&siteId=id2&siteId=id3* (multiple ids requested)
- `site_type` (String) siteType query parameter. The type of the site. A site can be an area, building, or floor.
Default when not provided will be *[floor,building,area]*
Examples:
*?siteType=area* (single siteType requested)
*?siteType=area&siteType=building&siteType=floor* (multiple siteTypes requested)
- `start_time` (Number) startTime query parameter. Start time from which API queries the data set related to the resource. It must be specified in UNIX epochtime in milliseconds. Value is inclusive.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `item` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))

<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `count` (Number)
