---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "dnacenter_site_health_summaries_count Data Source - terraform-provider-dnacenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  It performs read operation on Sites.
  Get a count of sites. Use the available query parameters to get the count of a subset of sites. This data source
  provides the latest data from a given endTime If data is not ready for the provided endTime, the request will fail,
  and the error message will indicate the recommended endTime to use to retrieve a complete data set. This behavior may
  occur if the provided endTime=currentTime, since we are not a real time system. When endTime is not provided, the API
  returns the latest data. For detailed information about the usage of the API, please refer to the Open API specification
  document https://github.com/cisco-en-programmability/catalyst-center-api-specs/blob/main/Assurance/CECatCenter_Org-
  siteHealthSummaries-1.0.3-resolved.yaml
---

# dnacenter_site_health_summaries_count (Data Source)

It performs read operation on Sites.

- Get a count of sites. Use the available query parameters to get the count of a subset of sites. This data source
provides the latest data from a given *endTime* If data is not ready for the provided endTime, the request will fail,
and the error message will indicate the recommended endTime to use to retrieve a complete data set. This behavior may
occur if the provided endTime=currentTime, since we are not a real time system. When *endTime* is not provided, the API
returns the latest data. For detailed information about the usage of the API, please refer to the Open API specification
document https://github.com/cisco-en-programmability/catalyst-center-api-specs/blob/main/Assurance/CE_Cat_Center_Org-
siteHealthSummaries-1.0.3-resolved.yaml

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "dnacenter_site_health_summaries_count" "example" {
  provider          = dnacenter
  end_time          = 1609459200
  id                = "string"
  site_hierarchy    = "string"
  site_hierarchy_id = "string"
  site_type         = "string"
  xca_lle_rid       = "string"
}

output "dnacenter_site_health_summaries_count_example" {
  value = data.dnacenter_site_health_summaries_count.example.item
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `xca_lle_rid` (String) X-CALLER-ID header parameter. Caller ID is used to trace the origin of API calls and their associated queries executed on the database. It's an optional header parameter that can be added to an API request.

### Optional

- `end_time` (Number) endTime query parameter. End time to which API queries the data set related to the resource. It must be specified in UNIX epochtime in milliseconds. Value is inclusive.
- `id` (String) id query parameter. The list of entity Uuids. (Ex."6bef213c-19ca-4170-8375-b694e251101c") Examples: id=6bef213c-19ca-4170-8375-b694e251101c (single entity uuid requested) id=6bef213c-19ca-4170-8375-b694e251101c&id=32219612-819e-4b5e-a96b-cf22aca13dd9&id=2541e9a7-b80d-4955-8aa2-79b233318ba0 (multiple entity uuid with '&' separator)
- `site_hierarchy` (String) siteHierarchy query parameter. The full hierarchical breakdown of the site tree starting from Global site name and ending with the specific site name. The Root site is named "Global" (Ex. *Global/AreaName/BuildingName/FloorName*)
This field supports wildcard asterisk (***) character search support. E.g. **/San*, */San, /San**
Examples:
*?siteHierarchy=Global/AreaName/BuildingName/FloorName* (single siteHierarchy requested)
*?siteHierarchy=Global/AreaName/BuildingName/FloorName&siteHierarchy=Global/AreaName2/BuildingName2/FloorName2* (multiple siteHierarchies requested)
- `site_hierarchy_id` (String) siteHierarchyId query parameter. The full hierarchy breakdown of the site tree in id form starting from Global site UUID and ending with the specific site UUID. (Ex. *globalUuid/areaUuid/buildingUuid/floorUuid*)
This field supports wildcard asterisk (***) character search support. E.g. **uuid*, *uuid, uuid**
Examples:
*?siteHierarchyId=globalUuid/areaUuid/buildingUuid/floorUuid *(single siteHierarchyId requested)
*?siteHierarchyId=globalUuid/areaUuid/buildingUuid/floorUuid&siteHierarchyId=globalUuid/areaUuid2/buildingUuid2/floorUuid2* (multiple siteHierarchyIds requested)
- `site_type` (String) siteType query parameter. The type of the site. A site can be an area, building, or floor.
Default when not provided will be *[floor,building,area]*
Examples:
*?siteType=area* (single siteType requested)
*?siteType=area&siteType=building&siteType=floor* (multiple siteTypes requested)

### Read-Only

- `item` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))

<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `count` (Number)
