---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "dnacenter_transit_network_health_summaries Data Source - terraform-provider-dnacenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  It performs read operation on SDA.
  Get a paginated list of Transit Networks with health summary.
  This data source provides the latest health data until the given endTime. If data is not ready for the provided
  endTime, the request will fail with error code 400 Bad Request, and the error message will indicate the recommended
  endTime to use to retrieve a complete data set. This behavior may occur if the provided endTime=currentTime, since we
  are not a real time system. When endTime is not provided, the API returns the latest data.
  For detailed information about the usage of the API, please refer to the Open API specification document
  https://github.com/cisco-en-programmability/catalyst-center-api-specs/blob/main/Assurance/CECatCenter_Org-
  transitNetworkHealthSummaries-1.0.1-resolved.yaml
---

# dnacenter_transit_network_health_summaries (Data Source)

It performs read operation on SDA.

- Get a paginated list of Transit Networks with health summary.
This data source provides the latest health data until the given *endTime*. If data is not ready for the provided
endTime, the request will fail with error code *400 Bad Request*, and the error message will indicate the recommended
endTime to use to retrieve a complete data set. This behavior may occur if the provided endTime=currentTime, since we
are not a real time system. When *endTime* is not provided, the API returns the latest data.
For detailed information about the usage of the API, please refer to the Open API specification document
https://github.com/cisco-en-programmability/catalyst-center-api-specs/blob/main/Assurance/CE_Cat_Center_Org-
transitNetworkHealthSummaries-1.0.1-resolved.yaml

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "dnacenter_transit_network_health_summaries" "example" {
  provider    = dnacenter
  attribute   = "string"
  end_time    = 1609459200
  id          = "string"
  limit       = 1
  offset      = 1
  order       = "string"
  sort_by     = "string"
  start_time  = 1609459200
  view        = "string"
  xca_lle_rid = "string"
}

output "dnacenter_transit_network_health_summaries_example" {
  value = data.dnacenter_transit_network_health_summaries.example.items
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `xca_lle_rid` (String) X-CALLER-ID header parameter. Caller ID is used to trace the origin of API calls and their associated queries executed on the database. It's an optional header parameter that can be added to an API request.

### Optional

- `attribute` (String) attribute query parameter. The interested fields in the request. For valid attributes, verify the documentation.
- `end_time` (Number) endTime query parameter. End time to which API queries the data set related to the resource. It must be specified in UNIX epochtime in milliseconds. Value is inclusive.
- `id` (String) id query parameter. The list of transit entity ids. (Ex "1551156a-bc97-3c63-aeda-8a6d3765b5b9") Examples: id=1551156a-bc97-3c63-aeda-8a6d3765b5b9 (single entity uuid requested) id=1551156a-bc97-3c63-aeda-8a6d3765b5b9&id=4aa20652-237c-4625-b2b4-fd7e82b6a81e (multiple entity uuids with '&' separator)
- `limit` (Number) limit query parameter. Maximum number of records to return
- `offset` (Number) offset query parameter. Specifies the starting point within all records returned by the API. It's one based offset. The starting value is 1.
- `order` (String) order query parameter. The sort order of the field ascending or descending.
- `sort_by` (String) sortBy query parameter. A field within the response to sort by.
- `start_time` (Number) startTime query parameter. Start time from which API queries the data set related to the resource. It must be specified in UNIX epochtime in milliseconds. Value is inclusive.
- `view` (String) view query parameter. The specific summary view being requested. This is an optional parameter which can be passed to get one or more of the specific health data summaries associated with sites.

### Read-Only

- `items` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `bgp_tcp_fair_health_device_count` (Number)
- `bgp_tcp_good_health_device_count` (Number)
- `bgp_tcp_health_percentage` (Number)
- `bgp_tcp_poor_health_device_count` (Number)
- `bgp_tcp_total_device_count` (Number)
- `control_plane_count` (Number)
- `fabric_sites_count` (Number)
- `fair_health_device_count` (Number)
- `good_health_device_count` (Number)
- `good_health_percentage` (Number)
- `id` (String)
- `internet_avail_transit_fair_health_device_count` (Number)
- `internet_avail_transit_good_health_device_count` (Number)
- `internet_avail_transit_health_percentage` (Number)
- `internet_avail_transit_poor_health_device_count` (Number)
- `internet_avail_transit_total_device_count` (Number)
- `lisp_transit_fair_health_device_count` (Number)
- `lisp_transit_good_health_device_count` (Number)
- `lisp_transit_health_percentage` (Number)
- `lisp_transit_poor_health_device_count` (Number)
- `lisp_transit_total_device_count` (Number)
- `name` (String)
- `poor_health_device_count` (Number)
- `pubsub_transit_fair_health_device_count` (Number)
- `pubsub_transit_good_health_device_count` (Number)
- `pubsub_transit_health_percentage` (Number)
- `pubsub_transit_poor_health_device_count` (Number)
- `pubsub_transit_total_device_count` (Number)
- `total_device_count` (Number)
- `transit_control_plane_fair_health_device_count` (Number)
- `transit_control_plane_good_health_device_count` (Number)
- `transit_control_plane_health_percentage` (Number)
- `transit_control_plane_poor_health_device_count` (Number)
- `transit_control_plane_total_device_count` (Number)
- `transit_services_fair_health_device_count` (Number)
- `transit_services_good_health_device_count` (Number)
- `transit_services_health_percentage` (Number)
- `transit_services_poor_health_device_count` (Number)
- `transit_services_total_device_count` (Number)
- `transit_type` (String)
