---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "dnacenter_application_visibility_network_devices_enable_cbar Resource - terraform-provider-dnacenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  It performs create operation on Application Policy.
  This data source action can be used to enable CBAR feature on multiple network devices. Request payload should include
  the list of network devices where CBAR has to be enabled. It can optionally include list of interfaces (wired) or WLAN
  modes (wireless) to be excluded from CBAR enablement.
  Please note that this operation can be performed even if the feature is already enabled on the network device. It would
  push the updated configurations to the network device.
  This operation is only permitted if the provisioning settings do not mandate a configuration preview for CBAR
  enablement. In cases where such settings are active, attempting to use this endpoint will result in 422 Unprocessable
  Content error.
---

# dnacenter_application_visibility_network_devices_enable_cbar (Resource)

It performs create operation on Application Policy.

- This data source action can be used to enable CBAR feature on multiple network devices. Request payload should include
the list of network devices where CBAR has to be enabled. It can optionally include list of interfaces (wired) or WLAN
modes (wireless) to be excluded from CBAR enablement.
Please note that this operation can be performed even if the feature is already enabled on the network device. It would
push the updated configurations to the network device.
This operation is only permitted if the provisioning settings do not mandate a configuration preview for CBAR
enablement. In cases where such settings are active, attempting to use this endpoint will result in *422 Unprocessable
Content* error.

~>**Warning:**
This resource does not represent a real-world entity in Cisco Catalyst Center, therefore changing or deleting this resource on its own has no immediate effect.
Instead, it is a task part of a Cisco Catalyst Center workflow. It is executed in DNACenter without any additional verification. It does not check if it was executed before or if a similar configuration or action already existed previously.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "dnacenter_application_visibility_network_devices_enable_cbar" "example" {
  provider = dnacenter
  parameters = [{

    network_devices = [{

      exclude_interface_ids = ["string"]
      exclude_wlan_modes    = ["string"]
      id                    = "string"
    }]
  }]
}

output "dnacenter_application_visibility_network_devices_enable_cbar_example" {
  value = dnacenter_application_visibility_network_devices_enable_cbar.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `parameters` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--parameters))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `item` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))
- `last_updated` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters`

Optional:

- `network_devices` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--parameters--network_devices))

<a id="nestedblock--parameters--network_devices"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters.network_devices`

Optional:

- `exclude_interface_ids` (List of String) List of interface identifiers which needs to be excluded from CBAR enablement. Applicable only for wired devices. Please note that this list considered as absolute exclusion and earlier exclusions are not considered. For example, if IF1 and IF2 have already been excluded from CBAR as part of earlier enablement, and this API is now called with IF3 and IF4 as inputs, then IF1 and IF2 are removed from exclusion list and only IF3 and IF4 are excluded.
- `exclude_wlan_modes` (List of String) WLAN modes which needs to be excluded from CBAR enablement. Applicable only for wireless devices. Applicable values are: LOCAL, FLEX, or FABRIC
- `id` (String) Network device identifier



<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `task_id` (String)
- `url` (String)
