---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "dnacenter_deploy_template_v1 Resource - terraform-provider-dnacenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  It performs create operation on Configuration Templates.
          - API to deploy a template.
---

# dnacenter_deploy_template_v1 (Resource)

It performs create operation on Configuration Templates.
		- API to deploy a template.

~>**Warning:**
This resource does not represent a real-world entity in Cisco DNA Center, therefore changing or deleting this resource on its own has no immediate effect.
Instead, it is a task part of a Cisco DNA Center workflow. It is executed in DNACenter without any additional verification. It does not check if it was executed before or if a similar configuration or action already existed previously.

Most commonly, this resource is used together with [configuration_template](./configuration_template.md) and [network_device](./network_device.md) to complete the deployment of a template.


## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "dnacenter" {
  debug = "true"
}

resource "dnacenter_deploy_template_v1" "example" {
  provider = dnacenter
  lifecycle {
    create_before_destroy = true
  }
  parameters {
    force_push_template             = "false"
    is_composite                    = "false"
    member_template_deployment_info = []
    target_info {
      host_name             = "string"
      id                    = "string"
      params                = ["string"]
      resource_params       = ["string"]
      type                  = "string"
      versioned_template_id = "string"
    }
    template_id = "string"
  }
}

output "dnacenter_deploy_template_v1_example" {
  value = dnacenter_deploy_template_v1.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **parameters** (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--parameters))

### Optional

- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.

### Read-Only

- **item** (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))
- **last_updated** (String)

<a id="nestedblock--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters`

Optional:

- **force_push_template** (String)
- **is_composite** (String) Composite template flag
- **main_template_id** (String) Main template UUID of versioned template
- **member_template_deployment_info** (List of String) memberTemplateDeploymentInfo
- **target_info** (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--parameters--target_info))
- **template_id** (String) UUID of template to be provisioned

<a id="nestedblock--parameters--target_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters.target_info`

Optional:

- **host_name** (String) Hostname of device is required if targetType is MANAGED_DEVICE_HOSTNAME
- **id** (String) UUID of target is required if targetType is MANAGED_DEVICE_UUID
- **params** (List of String) Template params/values to be provisioned
- **resource_params** (List of String) Resource params to be provisioned
- **type** (String) Target type of device
- **versioned_template_id** (String) Versioned templateUUID to be provisioned



<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- **deployment_id** (String)
- **deployment_name** (String)
- **devices** (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--item--devices))
- **duration** (String)
- **end_time** (String)
- **project_name** (String)
- **start_time** (String)
- **status** (String)
- **status_message** (String)
- **template_name** (String)
- **template_version** (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--item--devices"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.devices`

Read-Only:

- **detailed_status_message** (String)
- **device_id** (String)
- **duration** (String)
- **end_time** (String)
- **identifier** (String)
- **ip_address** (String)
- **name** (String)
- **start_time** (String)
- **status** (String)
- **target_type** (String)


