---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "dnacenter_endpoint_analytics_profiling_rules Resource - terraform-provider-dnacenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  It manages create, read, update and delete operations on AIEndpointAnalytics.
  Creates profiling rule from the request body.Updates the profiling rule for the given 'ruleId'.Deletes the profiling rule for the given 'ruleId'.
---

# dnacenter_endpoint-analytics_profiling-rules (Resource)

It manages create, read, update and delete operations on AIEndpointAnalytics.

- Creates profiling rule from the request body.

- Updates the profiling rule for the given 'ruleId'.

- Deletes the profiling rule for the given 'ruleId'.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `parameters` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--parameters))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `item` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))
- `last_updated` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters`

Optional:

- `cluster_id` (String) Unique identifier for ML cluster. Only applicable for 'ML Rule'.
- `condition_groups` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--parameters--condition_groups))
- `is_deleted` (String) Flag to indicate whether the rule was deleted.
- `last_modified_by` (String) User that last modified the rule. It is read-only, and is ignored if provided as part of input request.
- `last_modified_on` (Number) Timestamp (in epoch milliseconds) of last modification. It is read-only, and is ignored if provided as part of input request.
- `plugin_id` (String) Plugin for the rule. Only applicable for 'Cisco Default' rules.
- `rejected` (String) Flag to indicate whether rule has been rejected by user or not. Only applicable for 'ML Rule'.
- `result` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--parameters--result))
- `rule_id` (String) Unique identifier for the rule. This is normally generated by the system, and client does not need to provide it for rules that need to be newly created.
- `rule_name` (String) Human readable name for the rule.
- `rule_priority` (Number) Priority for the rule.
- `rule_type` (String) Type of the rule.
- `rule_version` (Number) Version of the rule.
- `source_priority` (Number) Source priority for the rule.
- `used_attributes` (List of String) List of attributes used in the rule. Only applicable for 'Cisco Default' rules.

<a id="nestedblock--parameters--condition_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters.condition_groups`

Optional:

- `condition` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--parameters--condition_groups--condition))
- `condition_group` (List of String)
- `operator` (String)
- `type` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--parameters--condition_groups--condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters.condition_groups.condition`

Optional:

- `attribute` (String)
- `attribute_dictionary` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `value` (String)



<a id="nestedblock--parameters--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters.result`

Optional:

- `device_type` (List of String) List of device types determined by the current rule.
- `hardware_manufacturer` (List of String) List of hardware manufacturers determined by the current rule.
- `hardware_model` (List of String) List of hardware models determined by the current rule.
- `operating_system` (List of String) List of operating systems determined by the current rule.



<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `cluster_id` (String)
- `condition_groups` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--item--condition_groups))
- `is_deleted` (String)
- `last_modified_by` (String)
- `last_modified_on` (Number)
- `plugin_id` (String)
- `rejected` (String)
- `result` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--item--result))
- `rule_id` (String)
- `rule_name` (String)
- `rule_priority` (Number)
- `rule_type` (String)
- `rule_version` (Number)
- `source_priority` (Number)
- `used_attributes` (List of String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--item--condition_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.condition_groups`

Read-Only:

- `condition` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--item--condition_groups--condition))
- `condition_group` (List of String)
- `operator` (String)
- `type` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--item--condition_groups--condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.condition_groups.condition`

Read-Only:

- `attribute` (String)
- `attribute_dictionary` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `value` (String)



<a id="nestedobjatt--item--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.result`

Read-Only:

- `device_type` (List of String)
- `hardware_manufacturer` (List of String)
- `hardware_model` (List of String)
- `operating_system` (List of String)
