---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "dnacenter_execute_suggested_actions_commands Resource - terraform-provider-dnacenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  It performs create operation on Issues.
  This data source action triggers the execution of the suggested actions for an issue, given the Issue Id. It will
  return an execution Id. At the completion of the execution, the output of the commands associated with the suggested
  actions will be provided
  Invoking this API would provide the execution id. Execute the 'Get Business API Execution Details' API with this
  execution id, to receive the suggested actions commands output.
---

# dnacenter_execute_suggested_actions_commands (Resource)

It performs create operation on Issues.

- This data source action triggers the execution of the suggested actions for an issue, given the Issue Id. It will
return an execution Id. At the completion of the execution, the output of the commands associated with the suggested
actions will be provided
Invoking this API would provide the execution id. Execute the 'Get Business API Execution Details' API with this
execution id, to receive the suggested actions commands output.
~>**Warning:**
This resource does not represent a real-world entity in Cisco Catalyst Center, therefore changing or deleting this resource on its own has no immediate effect.
Instead, it is a task part of a Cisco Catalyst Center workflow. It is executed in DNACenter without any additional verification. It does not check if it was executed before or if a similar configuration or action already existed previously.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "dnacenter_execute_suggested_actions_commands" "example" {
  provider = dnacenter
  parameters {

    entity_type  = "string"
    entity_value = "string"
  }
}

output "dnacenter_execute_suggested_actions_commands_example" {
  value = dnacenter_execute_suggested_actions_commands.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `parameters` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--parameters))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `last_updated` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters`

Optional:

- `entity_type` (String) Commands provided as part of the suggested actions for an issue can be executed based on issue id. The value here must be issue_id
- `entity_value` (String) Contains the actual value for the entity type that has been defined

Read-Only:

- `items` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parameters--items))

<a id="nestedatt--parameters--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters.items`

Read-Only:

- `action_info` (String)
- `command` (String)
- `command_output` (String)
- `entity_id` (String)
- `hostname` (String)
- `steps_count` (Number)
- `steps_description` (String)
