---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "dnacenter_integrate_ise Resource - terraform-provider-dnacenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  It performs update operation on System Settings.
  API to accept Cisco ISE server certificate for Cisco ISE server integration. Use ‘Cisco ISE Server Integration Status’
  Intent API to check the integration status. This data source action can be used to retry the failed integration.
---

# dnacenter_integrate_ise (Resource)

It performs update operation on System Settings.

- API to accept Cisco ISE server certificate for Cisco ISE server integration. Use ‘Cisco ISE Server Integration Status’
Intent API to check the integration status. This data source action can be used to retry the failed integration.
~>**Warning:**
This resource does not represent a real-world entity in Cisco Catalyst Center, therefore changing or deleting this resource on its own has no immediate effect.
Instead, it is a task part of a Cisco Catalyst Center workflow. It is executed in DNACenter without any additional verification. It does not check if it was executed before or if a similar configuration or action already existed previously.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "dnacenter_integrate_ise" "example" {
  provider = dnacenter
  id       = "string"
  parameters {

    is_cert_accepted_by_user = "false"
  }
}

output "dnacenter_integrate_ise_example" {
  value = dnacenter_integrate_ise.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `parameters` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--parameters))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `item` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))
- `last_updated` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters`

Required:

- `id` (String) id path parameter. Cisco ISE Server Identifier. Use 'Get Authentication and Policy Servers' intent API to find the identifier.

Optional:

- `is_cert_accepted_by_user` (String) Value true for accept, false for deny. Remove this field and send empty request payload ( {} ) to retry the failed integration


<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `object` (String)
