---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "dnacenter_interface_operation_create Resource - terraform-provider-dnacenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  It performs create operation on Devices.
  Clear mac-address on an individual port. In request body, operation needs to be specified as 'ClearMacAddress'. In the
  future more possible operations will be added to this API
---

# dnacenter_interface_operation_create (Resource)

It performs create operation on Devices.

- Clear mac-address on an individual port. In request body, operation needs to be specified as 'ClearMacAddress'. In the
future more possible operations will be added to this API
~>**Warning:**
This resource does not represent a real-world entity in Cisco Catalyst Center, therefore changing or deleting this resource on its own has no immediate effect.
Instead, it is a task part of a Cisco Catalyst Center workflow. It is executed in DNACenter without any additional verification. It does not check if it was executed before or if a similar configuration or action already existed previously.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "dnacenter_interface_operation_create" "example" {
  provider        = dnacenter
  deployment_mode = "string"
  interface_uuid  = "string"
  parameters {

    operation = "string"
    payload   = "string"
  }
}

output "dnacenter_interface_operation_create_example" {
  value = dnacenter_interface_operation_create.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `parameters` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--parameters))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `item` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))
- `last_updated` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters`

Required:

- `interface_uuid` (String) interfaceUuid path parameter. Interface Id

Optional:

- `deployment_mode` (String) deploymentMode query parameter. Preview/Deploy ['Preview' means the configuration is not pushed to the device. 'Deploy' makes the configuration pushed to the device]
- `operation` (String) Operation needs to be specified as 'ClearMacAddress'.
- `payload` (String) Payload is not applicable


<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `task_id` (String)
- `url` (String)
