---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "dnacenter_ipam_server_setting Resource - terraform-provider-dnacenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  It manages create, read, update and delete operations on System Settings.
  Creates configuration details of the external IPAM server. You should only create one external IPAM server; delete any
  existing external server before creating a new one.Deletes configuration details of the external IPAM server.Updates configuration details of the external IPAM server.
---

# dnacenter_ipam_server_setting (Resource)

It manages create, read, update and delete operations on System Settings.

- Creates configuration details of the external IPAM server. You should only create one external IPAM server; delete any
existing external server before creating a new one.

- Deletes configuration details of the external IPAM server.

- Updates configuration details of the external IPAM server.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `parameters` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--parameters))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `item` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))
- `last_updated` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters`

Optional:

- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password for the external IPAM server login username
- `provider` (String) Type of external IPAM. Can be either INFOBLOX, BLUECAT or GENERIC.
- `server_name` (String) A descriptive name of this external server, used for identification purposes
- `server_url` (String) The URL of this external server
- `sync_view` (String) Synchronize the IP pools from the local IPAM to this external server
- `user_name` (String) The external IPAM server login username
- `view` (String) The view under which pools are created in the external IPAM server.


<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `provider` (String)
- `server_name` (String)
- `server_url` (String)
- `state` (String)
- `user_name` (String)
- `view` (String)
