---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "dnacenter_lan_automation_v2 Resource - terraform-provider-dnacenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  It performs create operation on LAN Automation.
  Invoke V2 LAN Automation Start API, which supports optional auto-stop processing feature based on the provided timeout
  or a specific device list, or both. The stop processing will be executed automatically when either of the cases is
  satisfied, without specifically calling the stop API. The V2 API behaves similarly to  if no timeout or device list is
  provided, and the user needs to call the stop API for LAN Automation stop processing. With the V2 API, the user can also
  specify the level up to which the devices can be LAN automated.
---

# dnacenter_lan_automation_v2 (Resource)

It performs create operation on LAN Automation.

- Invoke V2 LAN Automation Start API, which supports optional auto-stop processing feature based on the provided timeout
or a specific device list, or both. The stop processing will be executed automatically when either of the cases is
satisfied, without specifically calling the stop API. The V2 API behaves similarly to  if no timeout or device list is
provided, and the user needs to call the stop API for LAN Automation stop processing. With the V2 API, the user can also
specify the level up to which the devices can be LAN automated.
~>**Warning:**
This resource does not represent a real-world entity in Cisco Catalyst Center, therefore changing or deleting this resource on its own has no immediate effect.
Instead, it is a task part of a Cisco Catalyst Center workflow. It is executed in DNACenter without any additional verification. It does not check if it was executed before or if a similar configuration or action already existed previously.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "dnacenter_lan_automation_v2" "example" {
  provider = dnacenter
  parameters {

    discovered_device_site_name_hierarchy = "string"
    discovery_devices {

      device_host_name            = "string"
      device_management_ipaddress = "string"
      device_serial_number        = "string"
      device_site_name_hierarchy  = "string"
    }
    discovery_level   = 1
    discovery_timeout = 1
    host_name_file_id = "string"
    host_name_prefix  = "string"
    ip_pools {

      ip_pool_name = "string"
      ip_pool_role = "string"
    }
    isis_domain_pwd                    = "string"
    multicast_enabled                  = "false"
    peer_device_managment_ipaddress    = "string"
    primary_device_interface_names     = ["string"]
    primary_device_managment_ipaddress = "string"
    redistribute_isis_to_bgp           = "false"
  }
}

output "dnacenter_lan_automation_v2_example" {
  value = dnacenter_lan_automation_v2.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `parameters` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--parameters))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `item` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))
- `last_updated` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters`

Optional:

- `payload` (Block List) Array of RequestLanAutomationLANAutomationStartV2 (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--parameters--payload))

<a id="nestedblock--parameters--payload"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters.payload`

Optional:

- `discovered_device_site_name_hierarchy` (String) Discovered device site name.
- `discovery_devices` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--parameters--payload--discovery_devices))
- `discovery_level` (Number) Level below primary seed device upto which the new devices will be LAN Automated by this session, level + seed = tier. Supported range for level is [1-5], default level is 2.
- `discovery_timeout` (Number) Discovery timeout in minutes. Until this time, the stop processing will not be triggered. Any device contacting after the provided discovery timeout will not be processed, and a device reset and reload will be attempted to bring it back to the PnP agent state before process completion. The supported timeout range is in minutes [20-10080]. If both timeout and discovery devices list are provided, the stop processing will be attempted whichever happens earlier. Users can always use the LAN Automation delete API to force stop processing.
- `host_name_file_id` (String) Use /dna/intent/api/v1/file/namespace/nw_orch API to get the file ID for the already uploaded file in the nw_orch namespace.
- `host_name_prefix` (String) Host name prefix assigned to the discovered device.
- `ip_pools` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--parameters--payload--ip_pools))
- `isis_domain_pwd` (String) IS-IS domain password in plain text.
- `multicast_enabled` (String) Enable underlay native multicast.
- `peer_device_managment_ipaddress` (String) Peer seed management IP address.
- `primary_device_interface_names` (List of String) The list of interfaces on primary seed via which the discovered devices are connected.
- `primary_device_managment_ipaddress` (String) Primary seed management IP address.
- `redistribute_isis_to_bgp` (String) Advertise LAN Automation summary route into BGP.

<a id="nestedblock--parameters--payload--discovery_devices"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters.payload.discovery_devices`

Optional:

- `device_host_name` (String) Hostname of the device
- `device_management_ipaddress` (String) Management IP Address of the device
- `device_serial_number` (String) Serial number of the device
- `device_site_name_hierarchy` (String) Site name hierarchy for the device, must be a child site of the discoveredDeviceSiteNameHierarchy or same if it’s not area type.


<a id="nestedblock--parameters--payload--ip_pools"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters.payload.ip_pools`

Optional:

- `ip_pool_name` (String) Name of the IP pool.
- `ip_pool_role` (String) Role of the IP pool. Supported roles are: MAIN_POOL and PHYSICAL_LINK_POOL.




<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `task_id` (String)
- `url` (String)
