---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "dnacenter_sda_fabric_devices Resource - terraform-provider-dnacenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  It manages create, read, update and delete operations on SDA.
  Updates fabric devices based on user input.Deletes fabric devices based on user input.Adds fabric devices based on user input.Deletes a fabric device based on id.
---

# dnacenter_sda_fabric_devices (Resource)

It manages create, read, update and delete operations on SDA.

- Updates fabric devices based on user input.

- Deletes fabric devices based on user input.

- Adds fabric devices based on user input.

- Deletes a fabric device based on id.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "dnacenter_sda_fabric_devices" "example" {
  provider = dnacenter

  parameters {

    border_device_settings {

      border_types = ["string"]
      layer3_settings {

        border_priority                 = 1
        import_external_routes          = "false"
        is_default_exit                 = "false"
        local_autonomous_system_number  = "string"
        prepend_autonomous_system_count = 1
      }
    }
    device_roles      = ["string"]
    fabric_id         = "string"
    id                = "string"
    network_device_id = "string"
  }
}

output "dnacenter_sda_fabric_devices_example" {
  value = dnacenter_sda_fabric_devices.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `parameters` (Block List) Array of RequestSdaAddFabricDevices (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--parameters))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `item` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))
- `last_updated` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters`

Optional:

- `payload` (Block List) Array of RequestApplicationPolicyCreateApplication (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--parameters--payload))

<a id="nestedblock--parameters--payload"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters.payload`

Optional:

- `border_device_settings` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--parameters--payload--border_device_settings))
- `device_roles` (List of String) List of the roles of the fabric device. Allowed values are [CONTROL_PLANE_NODE, EDGE_NODE, BORDER_NODE, WIRELESS_CONTROLLER_NODE].
- `fabric_id` (String) ID of the fabric of this fabric device.
- `id` (String) ID of the fabric device. (updating this field is not allowed).
- `network_device_id` (String) Network device ID of the fabric device.

<a id="nestedblock--parameters--payload--border_device_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters.payload.border_device_settings`

Optional:

- `border_types` (List of String) List of the border types of the fabric device. Allowed values are [LAYER_2, LAYER_3].
- `layer3_settings` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--parameters--payload--border_device_settings--layer3_settings))

<a id="nestedblock--parameters--payload--border_device_settings--layer3_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters.payload.border_device_settings.layer3_settings`

Optional:

- `border_priority` (Number) Border priority of the fabric border device. Allowed range is [1-9]. A lower value indicates higher priority. E.g., a priority of 1 takes precedence over 5. Default priority would be set to 10.
- `import_external_routes` (String) Set this to import external routes from other routing protocols (such as BGP) to the fabric control plane.
- `is_default_exit` (String) Set this to make the fabric border device the gateway of last resort for this site. Any unknown traffic will be sent to this fabric border device from edge nodes.
- `local_autonomous_system_number` (String) BGP Local autonomous system number of the fabric border device. Allowed range is [1 to 4294967295].
- `prepend_autonomous_system_count` (Number) Prepend autonomous system count of the fabric border device. Allowed range is [1 to 10].





<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `border_device_settings` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--item--border_device_settings))
- `device_roles` (List of String)
- `fabric_id` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `network_device_id` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--item--border_device_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.border_device_settings`

Read-Only:

- `border_types` (List of String)
- `layer3_settings` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--item--border_device_settings--layer3_settings))

<a id="nestedobjatt--item--border_device_settings--layer3_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.border_device_settings.layer3_settings`

Read-Only:

- `border_priority` (Number)
- `import_external_routes` (String)
- `is_default_exit` (String)
- `local_autonomous_system_number` (String)
- `prepend_autonomous_system_count` (Number)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import dnacenter_sda_fabric_devices.example "id:=string"
```
