---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "dnacenter_sda_anycast_gateways_create Resource - terraform-provider-dnacenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  It performs create operation on SDA.
  Adds anycast gateways based on user input.
---

# dnacenter_sda_anycast_gateways_create (Resource)

It performs create operation on SDA.

- Adds anycast gateways based on user input.
~>**Warning:**
This resource does not represent a real-world entity in Cisco Catalyst Center, therefore changing or deleting this resource on its own has no immediate effect.
Instead, it is a task part of a Cisco Catalyst Center workflow. It is executed in DNACenter without any additional verification. It does not check if it was executed before or if a similar configuration or action already existed previously.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "dnacenter_sda_anycast_gateways_create" "example" {
  provider = meraki
  parameters {

    auto_generate_vlan_name                      = "false"
    fabric_id                                    = "string"
    ip_pool_name                                 = "string"
    is_critical_pool                             = "false"
    is_group_based_policy_enforcement_enabled    = "false"
    is_intra_subnet_routing_enabled              = "false"
    is_ip_directed_broadcast                     = "false"
    is_layer2_flooding_enabled                   = "false"
    is_multiple_ip_to_mac_addresses              = "false"
    is_supplicant_based_extended_node_onboarding = "false"
    is_wireless_pool                             = "false"
    pool_type                                    = "string"
    security_group_name                          = "string"
    tcp_mss_adjustment                           = 1
    traffic_type                                 = "string"
    virtual_network_name                         = "string"
    vlan_id                                      = 1
    vlan_name                                    = "string"
  }
}

output "dnacenter_sda_anycast_gateways_create_example" {
  value = dnacenter_sda_anycast_gateways_create.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `parameters` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--parameters))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `item` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))
- `last_updated` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters`

Optional:

- `payload` (Block List) Array of RequestSdaAddAnycastGatewaysV1 (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--parameters--payload))

<a id="nestedblock--parameters--payload"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters.payload`

Optional:

- `auto_generate_vlan_name` (String) This field cannot be true when vlanName is provided. the vlanName will be generated as "{ipPoolGroupV4Cidr}-{virtualNetworkName}" for non-critical VLANs. for critical VLANs with DATA trafficType, vlanName will be "CRITICAL_VLAN". for critical VLANs with VOICE trafficType, vlanName will be "VOICE_VLAN".
- `fabric_id` (String) ID of the fabric this anycast gateway is to be assigned to.
- `ip_pool_name` (String) Name of the IP pool associated with the anycast gateway.
- `is_critical_pool` (String) Enable/disable critical VLAN. if true, autoGenerateVlanName must also be true. (isCriticalPool is not applicable to INFRA_VN).
- `is_group_based_policy_enforcement_enabled` (String) Enable/disable Group-Based Policy Enforcement (applicable only to INFRA_VN; defaults to false).
- `is_intra_subnet_routing_enabled` (String) Enable/disable Intra-Subnet Routing (not applicable to INFRA_VN).
- `is_ip_directed_broadcast` (String) Enable/disable IP-directed broadcast (not applicable to INFRA_VN).
- `is_layer2_flooding_enabled` (String) Enable/disable layer 2 flooding (not applicable to INFRA_VN).
- `is_multiple_ip_to_mac_addresses` (String) Enable/disable multiple IP-to-MAC Addresses (Wireless Bridged-Network Virtual Machine; not applicable to INFRA_VN).
- `is_supplicant_based_extended_node_onboarding` (String) Enable/disable Supplicant-Based Extended Node Onboarding (applicable only to INFRA_VN).
- `is_wireless_pool` (String) Enable/disable fabric-enabled wireless (not applicable to INFRA_VN).
- `pool_type` (String) The pool type of the anycast gateway (required for & applicable only to INFRA_VN).
- `security_group_name` (String) Name of the associated Security Group (not applicable to INFRA_VN).
- `tcp_mss_adjustment` (Number) TCP maximum segment size adjustment.
- `traffic_type` (String) The type of traffic the anycast gateway serves.
- `virtual_network_name` (String) Name of the layer 3 virtual network associated with the anycast gateway. the virtual network must have already been added to the site before creating an anycast gateway with it.
- `vlan_id` (Number) ID of the VLAN of the anycast gateway. allowed VLAN range is 2-4093 except for reserved VLANs 1002-1005, 2046, and 4094. if deploying an anycast gateway on a fabric zone, this vlanId must match the vlanId of the corresponding anycast gateway on the fabric site.
- `vlan_name` (String) Name of the VLAN of the anycast gateway.



<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `task_id` (String)
- `url` (String)
