---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "dnacenter_sda_layer2_virtual_networks Resource - terraform-provider-dnacenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  It manages create, read, update and delete operations on SDA.
  Adds layer 2 virtual networks based on user input.Deletes layer 2 virtual networks based on user input.Updates layer 2 virtual networks based on user input.Deletes a layer 2 virtual network based on id.
---

# dnacenter_sda_layer2_virtual_networks (Resource)

It manages create, read, update and delete operations on SDA.

- Adds layer 2 virtual networks based on user input.

- Deletes layer 2 virtual networks based on user input.

- Updates layer 2 virtual networks based on user input.

- Deletes a layer 2 virtual network based on id.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "dnacenter_sda_layer2_virtual_networks" "example" {
  provider = dnacenter

  parameters {

    associated_layer3_virtual_network_name = "string"
    fabric_id                              = "string"
    id                                     = "string"
    is_fabric_enabled_wireless             = "false"
    traffic_type                           = "string"
    vlan_id                                = 1
    vlan_name                              = "string"
  }
}

output "dnacenter_sda_layer2_virtual_networks_example" {
  value = dnacenter_sda_layer2_virtual_networks.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `parameters` (Block List) Array of RequestSdaAddLayer2VirtualNetworks (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--parameters))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `item` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))
- `last_updated` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters`

Optional:

- `payload` (Block List) Array of RequestApplicationPolicyCreateApplication (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--parameters--payload))

<a id="nestedblock--parameters--payload"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters.payload`

Optional:

- `associated_layer3_virtual_network_name` (String) Name of the layer 3 virtual network associated with the layer 2 virtual network. This field is provided to support requests related to virtual network anchoring. The layer 3 virtual network must have already been added to the fabric before association. This field must either be present in all payload elements or none.
- `fabric_id` (String) ID of the fabric this layer 2 virtual network is to be assigned to.
- `id` (String) ID of the layer 2 virtual network (updating this field is not allowed).
- `is_fabric_enabled_wireless` (String) Set to true to enable wireless. Default is false.
- `traffic_type` (String) The type of traffic that is served.
- `vlan_id` (Number) ID of the VLAN of the layer 2 virtual network. Allowed VLAN range is 2-4093 except for reserved VLANs 1002-1005, and 2046. If deploying on a fabric zone, this vlanId must match the vlanId of the corresponding layer 2 virtual network on the fabric site.
- `vlan_name` (String) Name of the VLAN of the layer 2 virtual network. Must contain only alphanumeric characters, underscores, and hyphens.



<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `associated_layer3_virtual_network_name` (String)
- `fabric_id` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `is_fabric_enabled_wireless` (String)
- `traffic_type` (String)
- `vlan_id` (Number)
- `vlan_name` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import dnacenter_sda_layer2_virtual_networks.example "id:=string"
```
