---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "dnacenter_sda_fabric_devices_layer2_handoffs_ip_transits Resource - terraform-provider-dnacenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  It manages create, read, update and delete operations on SDA.
  Adds layer 3 handoffs with ip transit in fabric devices based on user input.Updates layer 3 handoffs with ip transit of fabric devices based on user input.Deletes layer 3 handoffs with ip transit of a fabric device based on user input.Deletes a layer 3 handoff with ip transit of a fabric device by id.
---

# dnacenter_sda_fabric_devices_layer2_handoffs_ip_transits (Resource)

It manages create, read, update and delete operations on SDA.

- Adds layer 3 handoffs with ip transit in fabric devices based on user input.

- Updates layer 3 handoffs with ip transit of fabric devices based on user input.

- Deletes layer 3 handoffs with ip transit of a fabric device based on user input.

- Deletes a layer 3 handoff with ip transit of a fabric device by id.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "dnacenter_sda_fabric_devices_layer2_handoffs_ip_transits" "example" {
  provider = dnacenter

  parameters {

    external_connectivity_ip_pool_name = "string"
    fabric_id                          = "string"
    id                                 = "string"
    interface_name                     = "string"
    local_ip_address                   = "string"
    local_ipv6_address                 = "string"
    network_device_id                  = "string"
    remote_ip_address                  = "string"
    remote_ipv6_address                = "string"
    tcp_mss_adjustment                 = 1
    transit_network_id                 = "string"
    virtual_network_name               = "string"
    vlan_id                            = 1
  }
}

output "dnacenter_sda_fabric_devices_layer2_handoffs_ip_transits_example" {
  value = dnacenter_sda_fabric_devices_layer2_handoffs_ip_transits.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `parameters` (Block List) Array of RequestSdaAddFabricDevicesLayer3HandoffsWithIpTransit (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--parameters))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `item` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))
- `last_updated` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters`

Optional:

- `payload` (Block List) Array of RequestApplicationPolicyCreateApplication (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--parameters--payload))

<a id="nestedblock--parameters--payload"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters.payload`

Optional:

- `external_connectivity_ip_pool_name` (String) External connectivity ip pool will be used by Catalyst Center to allocate IP address for the connection between the border node and peer.
- `fabric_id` (String) ID of the fabric this device is assigned to.
- `id` (String) ID of the fabric device layer 3 handoff ip transit. (updating this field is not allowed).
- `interface_name` (String) Interface name of the layer 3 handoff ip transit.
- `local_ip_address` (String) Local ipv4 address for the selected virtual network. Enter the IP addresses and subnet mask in the CIDR notation (IP address/prefix-length). Not applicable if you have already provided an external connectivity ip pool name.
- `local_ipv6_address` (String) Local ipv6 address for the selected virtual network. Enter the IP addresses and subnet mask in the CIDR notation (IP address/prefix-length). Not applicable if you have already provided an external connectivity ip pool name.
- `network_device_id` (String) Network device ID of the fabric device.
- `remote_ip_address` (String) Remote ipv4 address for the selected virtual network. Enter the IP addresses and subnet mask in the CIDR notation (IP address/prefix-length). Not applicable if you have already provided an external connectivity ip pool name.
- `remote_ipv6_address` (String) Remote ipv6 address for the selected virtual network. Enter the IP addresses and subnet mask in the CIDR notation (IP address/prefix-length). Not applicable if you have already provided an external connectivity ip pool name.
- `tcp_mss_adjustment` (Number) TCP maximum segment size (mss) value for the layer 3 handoff. Allowed range is [500-1440]. TCP MSS Adjustment value is applicable for the TCP sessions over both IPv4 and IPv6.
- `transit_network_id` (String) ID of the transit network of the layer 3 handoff ip transit.
- `virtual_network_name` (String) Name of the virtual network associated with this fabric site.
- `vlan_id` (Number) VLAN number for the Switch Virtual Interface (SVI) used to establish BGP peering with the external domain for the virtual network.  Allowed VLAN range is 2-4094 except for reserved vlans (1, 1002-1005, 2046, 4094).



<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `external_connectivity_ip_pool_name` (String)
- `fabric_id` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `interface_name` (String)
- `local_ip_address` (String)
- `local_ipv6_address` (String)
- `network_device_id` (String)
- `remote_ip_address` (String)
- `remote_ipv6_address` (String)
- `tcp_mss_adjustment` (Number)
- `transit_network_id` (String)
- `virtual_network_name` (String)
- `vlan_id` (Number)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import dnacenter_sda_fabric_devices_layer2_handoffs_ip_transits.example "id:=string"
```
