---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "dnacenter_sda_fabric_authentication_profile Resource - terraform-provider-dnacenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  It manages create, read, update and delete operations on SDA.
  Deploy authentication template in SDA FabricUpdate default authentication profile in SDA FabricAdd default authentication profile in SDA Fabric
---

# dnacenter_sda_fabric_authentication_profile (Resource)

It manages create, read, update and delete operations on SDA.

- Deploy authentication template in SDA Fabric

- Update default authentication profile in SDA Fabric

- Add default authentication profile in SDA Fabric

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "dnacenter_sda_fabric_authentication_profile" "example" {
  provider = dnacenter
  parameters {

    authenticate_template_name    = "string"
    authentication_order          = "string"
    dot1x_to_mab_fallback_timeout = "string"
    number_of_hosts               = "string"
    site_name_hierarchy           = "string"
    wake_on_lan                   = "false"
  }
}

output "dnacenter_sda_fabric_authentication_profile_example" {
  value = dnacenter_sda_fabric_authentication_profile.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **parameters** (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--parameters))

### Read-Only

- **item** (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))
- **last_updated** (String)

<a id="nestedblock--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters`

Optional:

- **authenticate_template_name** (String) Authenticate Template Name. Allowed values are 'No Authentication ', 'Open Authentication', 'Closed Authentication', 'Low Impact'.
- **authentication_order** (String) Authentication Order. Allowed values are 'dot1x ', 'mac'.
- **dot1x_to_mab_fallback_timeout** (String) In a network that includes both devices that support and devices that do not support IEEE 802.1X, MAB can be deployed as a fallback, or complementary, mechanism to IEEE 802.1X. If the network does not have any IEEE 802.1X-capable devices, MAB can be deployed as a standalone authentication mechanism (e.g. [3-120])
- **number_of_hosts** (String) Number of hosts specifies the number of data hosts that can be connected to a port. With Single selected, you can have only one data client  on the port. With Unlimited selected, you can have multiple data clients and one voice client on the port
- **site_name_hierarchy** (String) Site Name Hierarchy should be a valid fabric site name hierarchy. e.g Global/USA/San Jose
- **wake_on_lan** (String) The IEEE 802.1X Wake on LAN (WoL) Support feature allows dormant systems to be powered up when the  switch receives a specific Ethernet frame. You can use this feature in cases when hosts on power save and needs to receive a  magic packet to turn them on. This feature works on a per subnet basis and send the subnet broadcast to all hosts in the subnet


<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- **authenticate_template_id** (String)
- **authenticate_template_name** (String)
- **site_name_hierarchy** (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import dnacenter_sda_fabric_authentication_profile.example "id:=string"
```
