---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "dnacenter_sda_fabric_devices_layer2_handoffs_sda_transits_update Resource - terraform-provider-dnacenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  It performs update operation on SDA.
  Updates layer 3 handoffs with sda transit of fabric devices based on user input.
---

# dnacenter_sda_fabric_devices_layer2_handoffs_sda_transits_update (Resource)

It performs update operation on SDA.

- Updates layer 3 handoffs with sda transit of fabric devices based on user input.
~>**Warning:**
This resource does not represent a real-world entity in Cisco Catalyst Center, therefore changing or deleting this resource on its own has no immediate effect.
Instead, it is a task part of a Cisco Catalyst Center workflow. It is executed in DNACenter without any additional verification. It does not check if it was executed before or if a similar configuration or action already existed previously.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "dnacenter_sda_fabric_devices_layer2_handoffs_sda_transits_update" "example" {
  provider = meraki
  parameters {

    affinity_id_decider               = 1
    affinity_id_prime                 = 1
    connected_to_internet             = "false"
    fabric_id                         = "string"
    is_multicast_over_transit_enabled = "false"
    network_device_id                 = "string"
    transit_network_id                = "string"
  }
}

output "dnacenter_sda_fabric_devices_layer2_handoffs_sda_transits_update_example" {
  value = dnacenter_sda_fabric_devices_layer2_handoffs_sda_transits_update.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `parameters` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--parameters))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `item` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))
- `last_updated` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters`

Optional:

- `payload` (Block List) Array of RequestSdaUpdateFabricDevicesLayer3HandoffsWithSdaTransitV1 (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--parameters--payload))

<a id="nestedblock--parameters--payload"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters.payload`

Optional:

- `affinity_id_decider` (Number) Affinity id decider value of the border node. When the affinity id prime value is the same on multiple devices, the affinity id decider value is used as a tiebreaker. Allowed range is [0-2147483647]. The lower the relative value of affinity id decider, the higher the preference for a destination border node.
- `affinity_id_prime` (Number) Affinity id prime value of the border node. It supersedes the border priority to determine border node preference. Allowed range is [0-2147483647]. The lower the relative value of affinity id prime, the higher the preference for a destination border node.
- `connected_to_internet` (String) Set this true to allow associated site to provide internet access to other sites through sd-access.
- `fabric_id` (String) ID of the fabric this device is assigned to. (updating this field is not allowed).
- `is_multicast_over_transit_enabled` (String) Set this true to configure native multicast over multiple sites that are connected to an sd-access transit.
- `network_device_id` (String) Network device ID of the fabric device. (updating this field is not allowed).
- `transit_network_id` (String) ID of the transit network of the layer 3 handoff sda transit. (updating this field is not allowed).



<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `task_id` (String)
- `url` (String)
