---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "dnacenter_security_rogue_additional_details Resource - terraform-provider-dnacenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  It performs create operation on Devices.
  This data source action provides additional information of the rogue threats with details at BSSID level. The
  additional information includes Switch Port details in case of Rogue on Wire, first time when the rogue is seen in the
  network etc.
---

# dnacenter_security_rogue_additional_details (Resource)

It performs create operation on Devices.

- This data source action provides additional information of the rogue threats with details at BSSID level. The
additional information includes Switch Port details in case of Rogue on Wire, first time when the rogue is seen in the
network etc.
~>**Warning:**
This resource does not represent a real-world entity in Cisco Catalyst Center, therefore changing or deleting this resource on its own has no immediate effect.
Instead, it is a task part of a Cisco Catalyst Center workflow. It is executed in DNACenter without any additional verification. It does not check if it was executed before or if a similar configuration or action already existed previously.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "dnacenter_security_rogue_additional_details" "example" {
  provider = meraki
  parameters {

    end_time     = 1609459200
    limit        = 1
    offset       = 1
    site_id      = ["string"]
    start_time   = 1609459200
    threat_level = ["string"]
    threat_type  = ["string"]
  }
}

output "dnacenter_security_rogue_additional_details_example" {
  value = dnacenter_security_rogue_additional_details.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `parameters` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--parameters))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `last_updated` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters`

Optional:

- `end_time` (Number) This is the epoch end time in milliseconds upto which data need to be fetched. Default value is current time
- `limit` (Number) The maximum number of entries to return. Default value is 1000
- `offset` (Number) The offset of the first item in the collection to return. Default value is 1
- `site_id` (List of String) Filter Rogues by location. Site IDs information can be fetched from "Get Site" API
- `start_time` (Number) This is the epoch start time in milliseconds from which data need to be fetched. Default value is 24 hours earlier to endTime
- `threat_level` (List of String) Filter Rogues by Threat Level. Threat Level information can be fetched from "Get Threat Levels" API
- `threat_type` (List of String) Filter Rogues by Threat Type. Threat Type information can be fetched from "Get Threat Types" API

Read-Only:

- `items` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parameters--items))

<a id="nestedatt--parameters--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters.items`

Read-Only:

- `ap_name` (String)
- `channel_number` (String)
- `containment` (String)
- `controller_ip` (String)
- `controller_name` (String)
- `created_time` (Number)
- `detecting_apmac` (String)
- `encryption` (String)
- `mac_address` (String)
- `mld_mac_address` (String)
- `port_description` (String)
- `radio_type` (String)
- `site_name_hierarchy` (String)
- `ssid` (String)
- `switch_ip` (String)
- `switch_name` (String)
- `threat_level` (String)
- `threat_type` (String)
- `updated_time` (Number)
