---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "dnacenter_security_rogue_additional_details_count Resource - terraform-provider-dnacenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  It performs create operation on Devices.
  This data source action returns the count for the Rogue Additional Details.
---

# dnacenter_security_rogue_additional_details_count (Resource)

It performs create operation on Devices.

- This data source action returns the count for the Rogue Additional Details.
~>**Warning:**
This resource does not represent a real-world entity in Cisco Catalyst Center, therefore changing or deleting this resource on its own has no immediate effect.
Instead, it is a task part of a Cisco Catalyst Center workflow. It is executed in DNACenter without any additional verification. It does not check if it was executed before or if a similar configuration or action already existed previously.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "dnacenter_security_rogue_additional_details_count" "example" {
  provider = meraki
  parameters {

    end_time     = 1609459200
    site_id      = ["string"]
    start_time   = 1609459200
    threat_level = ["string"]
    threat_type  = ["string"]
  }
}

output "dnacenter_security_rogue_additional_details_count_example" {
  value = dnacenter_security_rogue_additional_details_count.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `parameters` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--parameters))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `item` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))
- `last_updated` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters`

Optional:

- `end_time` (Number) This is the epoch end time in milliseconds upto which data need to be fetched. Default value is current time
- `site_id` (List of String) Filter Rogues by location. Site IDs information can be fetched from "Get Site" API
- `start_time` (Number) This is the epoch start time in milliseconds from which data need to be fetched. Default value is 24 hours earlier to endTime
- `threat_level` (List of String) This information can be fetched from "Get Threat Levels" API
- `threat_type` (List of String) This information can be fetched from "Get Threat Types" API


<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `response` (Number)
- `version` (String)
