---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "dnacenter_wireless_accespoint_configuration Resource - terraform-provider-dnacenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  It performs create operation on Wireless.
  User can configure multiple access points with required options using this intent API. This data source action does
  not support configuration of CleanAir or SI for IOS-XE devices with version greater than or equal to 17.9
---

# dnacenter_wireless_accespoint_configuration (Resource)

It performs create operation on Wireless.

- User can configure multiple access points with required options using this intent API. This data source action does
not support configuration of CleanAir or SI for IOS-XE devices with version greater than or equal to 17.9
~>**Warning:**
This resource does not represent a real-world entity in Cisco Catalyst Center, therefore changing or deleting this resource on its own has no immediate effect.
Instead, it is a task part of a Cisco Catalyst Center workflow. It is executed in DNACenter without any additional verification. It does not check if it was executed before or if a similar configuration or action already existed previously.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "dnacenter_wireless_accespoint_configuration" "example" {
  provider = dnacenter
  parameters {

    admin_status = "false"
    ap_list {

      ap_name     = "string"
      ap_name_new = "string"
      mac_address = "string"
    }
    ap_mode                        = 1
    configure_admin_status         = "false"
    configure_ap_mode              = "false"
    configure_failover_priority    = "false"
    configure_hacontroller         = "false"
    configure_led_brightness_level = "false"
    configure_led_status           = "false"
    configure_location             = "false"
    failover_priority              = 1
    is_assigned_site_as_location   = "false"
    led_brightness_level           = 1
    led_status                     = "false"
    location                       = "string"
    primary_controller_name        = "string"
    primary_ip_address {

      address = "string"
    }
    radio_configurations {

      admin_status                    = "false"
      antenna_cable_name              = "string"
      antenna_gain                    = 1
      antenna_pattern_name            = "string"
      cable_loss                      = 1.0
      channel_assignment_mode         = 1
      channel_number                  = 1
      channel_width                   = 1
      clean_air_si                    = 1
      configure_admin_status          = "false"
      configure_antenna_cable         = "false"
      configure_antenna_pattern_name  = "false"
      configure_channel               = "false"
      configure_channel_width         = "false"
      configure_clean_air_si          = "false"
      configure_power                 = "false"
      configure_radio_role_assignment = "false"
      power_assignment_mode           = 1
      powerlevel                      = 1
      radio_band                      = "string"
      radio_role_assignment           = "string"
      radio_type                      = 1
    }
    secondary_controller_name = "string"
    secondary_ip_address {

      address = "string"
    }
    tertiary_controller_name = "string"
    tertiary_ip_address {

      address = "string"
    }
  }
}

output "dnacenter_wireless_accespoint_configuration_example" {
  value = dnacenter_wireless_accespoint_configuration.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `parameters` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--parameters))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `item` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))
- `last_updated` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters`

Optional:

- `admin_status` (String) Configure the access point's admin status. Set this parameter's value to "true" to enable it and "false" to disable it.
- `ap_list` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--parameters--ap_list))
- `ap_mode` (Number) Configure the access point's mode: for local/flexconnect mode, set "0"; for monitor mode, set "1"; for sniffer mode, set "4"; and for bridge/flex+bridge mode, set "5".
- `configure_admin_status` (String) To change the access point's admin status, set this parameter's value to "true".
- `configure_ap_mode` (String) To change the access point's mode, set this parameter's value to "true".
- `configure_failover_priority` (String) To change the access point's failover priority, set this parameter's value to "true".
- `configure_hacontroller` (String) To change the access point's HA controller, set this parameter's value to "true".
- `configure_led_brightness_level` (String) To change the access point's LED brightness level, set this parameter's value to "true".
- `configure_led_status` (String) To change the access point's LED status, set this parameter's value to "true".
- `configure_location` (String) To change the access point's location, set this parameter's value to "true".
- `failover_priority` (Number) Configure the acess point's failover priority: for low, set "1"; for medium, set "2"; for high, set "3"; and for critical, set "4".
- `is_assigned_site_as_location` (String) If AP is assigned to a site, then to assign AP location as the site name, set this parameter's value to "true".
- `led_brightness_level` (Number) Configure the access point's LED brightness level by setting a value between 1 and 8.
- `led_status` (String) Configure the access point's LED status. Set "true" to enable its status and "false" to disable it.
- `location` (String) Configure the access point's location.
- `primary_controller_name` (String) Configure the hostname for an access point's primary controller.
- `primary_ip_address` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--parameters--primary_ip_address))
- `radio_configurations` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--parameters--radio_configurations))
- `secondary_controller_name` (String) Configure the hostname for an access point's secondary controller.
- `secondary_ip_address` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--parameters--secondary_ip_address))
- `tertiary_controller_name` (String) Configure the hostname for an access point's tertiary controller.
- `tertiary_ip_address` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--parameters--tertiary_ip_address))

<a id="nestedblock--parameters--ap_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters.ap_list`

Optional:

- `ap_name` (String) The current host name of the access point.
- `ap_name_new` (String) The modified hostname of the access point.
- `mac_address` (String) The ethernet MAC address of the access point.


<a id="nestedblock--parameters--primary_ip_address"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters.primary_ip_address`

Optional:

- `address` (String) Configure the IP address for an access point's primary controller.


<a id="nestedblock--parameters--radio_configurations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters.radio_configurations`

Optional:

- `admin_status` (String) Configure the admin status on the specified radio for an access point. Set this parameter's value to "true" to enable it and "false" to disable it.
- `antenna_cable_name` (String) Configure the antenna cable name on the specified radio for an access point. If cable loss needs to be configured, set this parameter's value to "other".
- `antenna_gain` (Number) Configure the antenna gain on the specified radio for an access point by setting a decimal value (in dBi). To configure "antennaGain", set "antennaPatternName" value to "other".
- `antenna_pattern_name` (String) Specify the antenna name on the specified radio for an access point. The antenna name is used to calculate the gain on the radio slot.
- `cable_loss` (Number) Configure the cable loss on the specified radio for an access point by setting a decimal value (in dBi).
- `channel_assignment_mode` (Number) Configure the channel assignment mode on the specified radio for an access point: for global mode, set "1"; and for custom mode, set "2".
- `channel_number` (Number) Configure the channel number on the specified radio for an access point.
- `channel_width` (Number) Configure the channel width on the specified radio for an access point: for 20 MHz, set "3"; for 40 MHz, set "4"; for 80 MHz, set "5"; for 160 MHz, set "6", and for 320 MHz, set "7".
- `clean_air_si` (Number) Configure CleanAir or Spectrum Intelligence on the specified radio for an access point. Set this parameter's value to "0" to disable the feature or "1" to enable it.
- `configure_admin_status` (String) To change the admin status on the specified radio for an access point, set this parameter's value to "true".
- `configure_antenna_cable` (String) To change the antenna cable name on the specified radio for an access point, set this parameter's value to "true".
- `configure_antenna_pattern_name` (String) To change the antenna gain on the specified radio for an access point, set the value for this parameter to "true".
- `configure_channel` (String) To change the channel on the specified radio for an access point, set this parameter's value to "true".
- `configure_channel_width` (String) To change the channel width on the specified radio for an access point, set this parameter's value to "true".
- `configure_clean_air_si` (String) To enable or disable either CleanAir or Spectrum Intelligence on the specified radio for an access point, set this parameter's value to "true".
- `configure_power` (String) To change the power assignment mode on the specified radio for an access point, set this parameter's value to "true".
- `configure_radio_role_assignment` (String) To change the radio role on the specified radio for an access point, set this parameter's value to "true".
- `power_assignment_mode` (Number) Configure the power assignment mode on the specified radio for an access point: for global mode, set "1"; and for custom mode, set "2".
- `powerlevel` (Number) Configure the power level on the specified radio for an access point by setting a value between 1 and 8.
- `radio_band` (String) Configure the band on the specified radio for an access point: for 2.4 GHz, set "RADIO24"; for 5 GHz, set "RADIO5". Any other string is invalid, including empty string
- `radio_role_assignment` (String) Configure only one of the following roles on the specified radio for an access point as "AUTO", "SERVING", or "MONITOR". Any other string is invalid, including empty string
- `radio_type` (Number) Configure an access point's radio band: for 2.4 GHz, set "1"; for 5 GHz, set "2"; for XOR, set "3"; and for 6 GHz, set "6".


<a id="nestedblock--parameters--secondary_ip_address"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters.secondary_ip_address`

Optional:

- `address` (String) Configure the IP address for an access point's secondary controller.


<a id="nestedblock--parameters--tertiary_ip_address"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters.tertiary_ip_address`

Optional:

- `address` (String) Configure the IP address for an access point's tertiary controller.



<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `task_id` (String)
- `url` (String)
